"brake fluid (bitches pump yo brakes)" lyrics
snoop dogg lyrics
"brake fluid (bitches pump yo brakes)"
(feat. kokane)
ya baby
ya player
ya baby
that's some real pimp shit right here
these bitches is outta line man
what's the matter dog you can't control your bitches?
check this out man
i got bitches all in my game that don't even know my name
then pump your brakes, you hoes
bitch!
you could talk all day behind my back, but wont say shit in my face
then pump your brakes, you hoes
bitch!
you are then one, you are then one,
you are then one, you are then one, you are then one, hooo
you are sexy, sexy, sexy, you are so sexy
you are then one, you are then one,
you are then one, you are then one, you are then one, hoo hoo
you are sexy, sexy, sexy, hmmm
carla, darla, charlene and camina
tereka and erika, they love to take care of her
real motherfucker from the dpg
keesha, resha, tammy and renesha
i appreciate the way y'all skate
when the clock hit eight
now april and kate
y'all be doin' too much
running your mouths
fucking shit up, you gotta get up
cause i done had enough
getting sick and tired of the same stuff
you told kamil and she told karla
and she told april and now they all know
but i could give a fuck 'cause all y'all my hoes
so, all that confronting the real nigga on site
today is today, last night was last night
as i leaned with my hand on my balls
i had to really check these bitches and tell then like this dog
nina do this and tina do that
sabrina, sakina, nigga them all my hood rats
back in the days when i was on the ??
at an early age man
i was on the ??
non-stop, i beat it up and tell that bitch to get going
(they be like hot butter on a breakfast toast)
hollarin' out, poppin' a collar out
and talkin' shit on the phone to me at my baby-moma's house
(who's she?) look here bitch do you know who the fuck i am
you better read your motherfuckin' first telegram
you remind me of this bitch that used to work for me
had to cut the bitch up 'cause she tried to get too close to me
and tried to confront me at a club one night
fuckin' with her friend, a fake bitch (is that right?)
but you know i had to stop and applause
and i put my hand on my balls and said ?? what's up dog
i got my own spot and i got my own keys
so can't no bitch talk shit to me
like kiki did me, bitch changed the locks
and kicked me up outta spot
i learned a lesson, i wasn't guessin' or stressin'
i got another bitch and she was at the convalescent home
she said she needed a companion
shit i needed a chaperone plus a new home
snap, crack, it's on
but in no time at all seems she fell in love
but i wasn't ready for that
topcat had to scat
i hit her friend from the back
while she was at work workin'
i was jerkin' that skirt
and fucking with all her friends that was flirtin'
and when she found out she told me that that shit hurt (boo-hoo)
a week later she fell in love with my homeboy kurt
bitch you ain't shit but dirt for dirt (bitch!)
this is a sexy bitch