"i'm threw witchu" lyrics
snoop dogg lyrics
"i'm threw witchu"
(feat. soopafly)
yeah man, this is another 9 inch dick classic
we wanna dedicate this one, to all the fellas
who got a hardhead bitch, who just won't listen
y'know?  the best thing to do, is leave her
don't hit her, shake that ho (bitch i'm gone!)
bitch i'm gone.. i can't take it no mo'
i can't get through to you
there's nothin i can say that you seem to understand
bitch i'm gonnnnnnnnneeeeeee.. i'm out oh yeah yeah yeah
i'm through wit'chu
oh i'm through wit'chu, yeah
i knew that you, was a ho back then
and bitch you're still one now
ya like to bust, nuts in your face
but with that big-ass mouth
you need to shut the fuck up, you talk too much
i told you once before, yeah
that pimpin don't, like to tell you twice
so i'm walkin out that dooooooooooor
bitch i'm gone.. oh yeah bitch i'm, oh i, i got to get the, hell outta here
i can't get through to you
i can't get through to you, you talk too much, i can't tell you shit
bitch i'm gonnnnnnnnneeeeeee.. oh yeah i'm goin i got to get out
i'm through wit'chu
oh yeah, i'm through wit'chu bitch, yeah yeah
(bitch i'm gone) bitch i'm through wit'chu
i'm through wit'chu, cause i refuse to lose
i can't be locked in your world
(bitch i'm gone) i need to breath, i got to roll
(i'm through wit'chu) ain't no way
i can stay another day wit'chu
bye bye bitch, and wit all the other pussy, yeah
a nigga got besides yo' big head good and butt fo' ugly kids
still livin with ya grandmama buckin mouth ass
you shoulda known, you was fuckin with a mack (mack)
instead of steppin your game up, you got pushed way to the back
(step off, step on back)
i seen yo' expression, when you seen me pimpin in the club
it looked like, it looked like you wanted to break down, down and cry
but i just didn't give a damn, i didn't give a damn, no no i didn't
cause bitches ain't shit, anyway, so don't even ask me why
bitch i'm gone.. i'm i'm gone hah, yes i am, i got to get ta
i can't get through to you
got to get ta, got to get ta hell outta here, oh yeah
bitch i'm gonnnnnnnnneeeeeee.. oh bitch a, i got too many bitches, anyway
i'm through wit'chu
to be, foolin wit'cho, ugly, ugly, ugly ass
oh, break it down (break it down)
oh we got to break it down (break it down, break it down)
whoaahhh, aw yeah yeah yeah yeah
hey hey hey, what's up baby?
come on in, sit down, what'chu got, what'chu got there?
y'now, i seen you today baby, you know what?
just sit the fuck down bitch!
i ain't playin no god damn game wit'chu right now bitch
y'knahmean?  there's a lotta time and effort up in this shit, y'knahmean?
wanna tell you a lil' somethin like this bitch
i got everything, you don't have nothin
bitch, i ain't believin a motherfuckin word you say bitch
get yo' shit, and get the fuck outta here
even though it's yo' motherfuckin house, get the fuck up outta here
you know what?  i'm leavin this motherfucker
got a fo' bedroom upstairs, i'm movin your sister in bitch
and i gotta protective order against yo' punk bitch-ass
so we gon' partyin all night long
and your sister a twin so the bitch is the same bitch
i'm out
aw, my car is parked right outside
i got a full tank of gas, and away i go
bye bye