"imagine" lyrics
snoop dogg lyrics
"imagine"
(feat. dr. dre)
yo doc what up my nigga
snoop dogg, it is what it is
this record is so motherfuckin' gangsta man
and i think it's time for me and you to just
turn it down a bit
come on
imagine it never happened
imagine no rappin'
imagine niggaz trapped
imagine it havin' action
imagine how niggaz could be actin'
if you never got this shit crackin
imagine life's so hard
you can't imagine it's like livin' in city of god
you feel me
imagine life on the yard
i'm tryin' to get that dollar on some shitty ass job
imagine biggie with his son
imagine pac gettin' call pop 'bout one
imagine a mother strugling
dealing with a system that don't give a fuck about who shot her son
imagine life you can't win
when you get out of the ghetto and go right to the pen
when you get out to the pen you go right to the jenz
when you put back to the streets you get right back in
imagine russell still strugling
no def jam it's anotoher nigga hustlin'
and no rocks on them fellaz
just rocks on them fellaz
just try and keep it bubblin'
imagine niggaz just stoped
from the east to the west coast, everybody fucked up
i can't imagine no less
but it don't take imagination
to know niggaz been bless with
hip-hop
before we go
can you imagine?
picture years, with your mom
can you imagine?
hang her picture in the sky
can you imagine?
call emergency i've been dreamin' all my life.
could you imagine bein' lit up by some hot shells?
imagine being tossed around and put in jails
imagine life when you can't get from under
imagine niggaz at ya when you done fo'
remember when they asks ya why ya run for and treat ya like a bitch
when they kick you in your dick and take your shit
we act like we hate to see you gun hoe
but just imagine if the rappin' got the gun no but you already know.
imagine niggaz in the lbc felt just like snoop dogg & d-r-e,
and felt just like the niggaz in the 2-1-3.
then imagine us was comin' when you fuckin' with me.
imagine you was up on top of this shit
imagine if the bitches could stay off this dick
i mean imagine we said fuck this shit
imagine if my niggaz got together and tow up this bitch, yeah
you can't imagine growin' up in the jail done
happy just to be alive' watching all your people run
would you imagine growin' up to sell your 50 million records world wide or fuckin' on somebodies son
imagine if these niggaz neva saw a colour
would it be peaceful in them streets where niggaz kill each other
all the drunk fool gets pissed on balls
he fuckin' off my niggaz, they gone murder us all
imagine that