"leave me alone" lyrics
snoop dogg lyrics
"leave me alone"
yo.. uh-huh
i'ma try somethin different on this right here
but i know y'all gon' feel it
cause i know y'all feel me
it's some real shit right here, y'knahmsayin?
i ain't never did it like this before
check this out..
i'm the kind of g that everybody knows
but i'm so low-key, when it comes to hoes
i never break the rules and that's just how it goes
all my friends and foes - know that's just how it goes
i can flip the script but i chose not to this time
there's so much to say with so little time, but i like it
(yes i like it)
i'm gon' dip dive socialize and get high
i wish my people had, other ways
i'm thankful, that a brother's paid (that a brother's paid)
but how can i be happy?  my hair is still nappy
i miss my grandpappy
i wanna do right but the world is wrong
that's why i'm singin this song
i'm tryin to stack a dollar pop my collar while i'm singin my song
y'all niggaz better leave me alone (i think you better leave me alone)
i think y'all betta leave me alone (i think you better leave me alone)
i'm tryin to stack a dollar pop my collar while i'm singin my song
you bitches better leave me alone (i think you better leave me alone)
i think y'all betta leave me alone (i think you better leave me alone)
there's so much goin on out there in the world today
all these - ladies, players, gangsters, and suckers
i get caught up sometimes, some of the people i hang with
they turn out to be snitches, bitches, yeah they switches
but you know like i know i can't stop doin, what i got to do
i'ma keep doin what i got to (i'ma keep doin) y'know!
everywhere i go, the game is the same
people lookin at me want me to say somethin
want me to do somethin, but i don't know nuttin
if i ain't gettin paid, i can't drop no rhymes
i can't do nothin for you no mo', i ain't got that kinda time
and they know..
i try to be to myself, and try to stay.. away from the world
but the world just keeps runnin after me (runnin after me)
i try to shield myself away from all the wickedness
but somehow, the wickedness is in my circle - what am i to do?
i try to ask god to help me get through this
what am i to do to this?  just do this, let's do this
so i, continue to mash, day by day (day by day)
i continue to play, play by play
and i con-tinue to spit my manuscript (spit it)
and say what i want to say (say it)
and i do it to ya ev-ery-day
leave me alone, i think you better leave me alone
leave me alone, leave me alone - better leave me alone
if it don't pay you wrong, leave me alone
i think you better leave me alone, leave me alone
leave me alonnnne, leave me alonnnne
if it don't pay you wrong..