"set it off" lyrics
snoop dogg lyrics
"set it off"
(feat. ice cube, the lady of rage, mc ren)
real nigga shit..
now i'm bout to show you how the west coast rock
real nigga shit
now i'm bout to show you how the west coast rock
real nigga shit..
here come the villain again, grab your hoe and get the fuck outta town
this nigga shit make the world go round
it's that black nigga ren, duck when i bust
make jada get on these nuts, make will, love to cuss
you wanna fuck with us? man, i wouldn't do it
ask this nigga here, his ass, we ran right through it
you out actin like yo' shit be tight
get some shit, fuck it off like tamika wright
get the fuck out my site, i ren-incarnate
droppin west coast shit in every motherfuckin state
motherfuckin legend, y'all niggaz be knowin
you can leave yo' bitch and keep on goin
i am doggy dogg bitch (beitch) love to hit a switch
never hit a bitch (beitch) love that gangsta shit
can i hear your flow? can i fuck yo' hoe?
boy you hard on 'em - nigga you ain't know?
when you testify, you got to keep it fly
a lot of niggaz lie, shit we do or die
e'ryday we high, it's like a nine to five
i got my nina my fo'-heata beata by my side
i keep it tucked close when i'm on the west coast (west coast)
i keep it on post when i'm with my east coast folks locs (east coast)
y'all know what's crack-a-lackin
i'm from the hood of the drivebys and kidnappings, and car-jackings
me and snoop dogg on the hog
on our way to the mall, fuck alla y'all
we gon' ball til we fall, watch the chrome crawl
intercept these fine bitches cause we want 'em all
droppin drawers, poppin coochie and lickin balls
only gangsta ass nigga follow nigga laws
only gangsta ass bitches get to run the hogs
only real ass niggaz get to set it off
now, the way i gets off in that ass it's a sin to not assassin
grab a microphone have flashbacks and start flashin, ahh
i'm bound to toast ya
string you up like you was on the ponderosa
sip on mimosa do it that way cause i'm supposed ta
now most of ya, don't measure up
i'll make it hot and turn the pressure up
steamin, regular, nah supreme and i ain't gassed
i blow an mc away like fox(?) when i pass
ain't nuttin shitty about this here fuck around and that's that ass
just like, grass i, i want more green than the goblin
matter of fact i want more bank than that chick that be modelin (uhh!)
my uzi weighs more than a single ton
i leave you single son, who wanna mingle not a single one
hah, now tell me what you figure, nigga
rob load up the show slow flow spitter
the hard hitter (uhh) the r nigga, roll
i break it down sweet then i bring it back slow
nigga that was dumb diggy diggy dumb dumb
here them niggaz come kiddy kiddy come come
i think a nigga sprung spriggy spriggy sprung sprung
probably why he done diggy diggy done done
yo' lady think i'm cute, i be knockin her boots
when she's away from home, she be swallowin juice
you thinkin that's yo' son, but he ain't lookin like you
see the barrel of a gun, nigga whatcha gon' do?
set it off
niggaz pop mo' shit while we drop mo' shit
continously, nigga nigga please
slang yo' ki's, birdies and trees
you can catch me and my niggaz, overseas
shootin the breeze, with a cute vietnamese
or was she lebonese? i think she chinese
it really don't matter cause they all on they knees
it's somethin bout these motherfuckin west coast g's
make that cheese, when the cops come you bet' not freeze
blast on 'em like the genovese, they yo' enemies
lock you up and fuck you up
talk shit to you beat you down then cuff you up
and leave you in a cell stuffed (damn!)
i ain't got no money for bail, that's real as fuck (f'real)
tryin to get a meal ticket and kick it
chill, catch a plane to spain or maybe brazil
on the real can you feel me?
yeah, yeah, set it off
it's kurupt young gotti
doin it big, for all y'all suckers
we set it off, snoop dogg!
it's "tha last meal"
last time y'all suckers gon' eat off my big homeboy
we set it off!
we set it off! west coast