"gone again pt. 2" lyrics
eminem lyrics
"gone again pt. 2"
(feat. rihanna, jay-z)
shut up and sing
listen gone again.....
have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
when they know they're your heart
and you know you were their armour
and you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
but what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you?
and everything you stand for, turns on you to spite you?
what happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"daddy look what i made", dad's gotta go catch a plane
"daddy where's mommy? i can't find mommy where is she?"
i don't know go play hailie, baby, your daddy's busy
daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gonna write itself
i'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself
then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
and put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
that's slim shady, yeah baby, slim shady's crazy
shady made me, but tonight shady's rocka-by-baby...
listen gone again
story of my life
searching for the right
but it keeps avoiding me
listen gone again
sorrow in my soul
cause it seems that wrong
really loves my company
they say "they never really miss you til you dead or you gone"
so on that note i'm leaving after the song
so you ain't gotta feel no way about jay so long
atleast let me tell you why i'm this way, hold on
i was conceived by gloria carter and adaness revees
who made love under the siccamore tree
which makes me
a more sicker m.c. and my momma would claim
at 10 pounds when i was born i didn't give her no pain
although through the years i gave her her fair share
i gave her her first real scare
i made it from birth and i got here
she knows my purpose wasn't purpose
i ain't perfect i care
but i feel worthless cause my shirts wasn't matchin my gear
now i'm just scratchin the surface cause what's burried under there
was a kid torn apart once his pop disappeared
i went to school got good grades could behave when i wanted
but i had demons deep inside that would raise when confronted
hold on
listen gone again
story of my life
searching for the right
but it keeps avoiding me
listen gone again
sorrow in my soul
cause it seems that wrong
really loves my company
i keep having this dream, i'm pushin' hailie on the swing
she keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
"you're making mommy cry, why? why is mommy crying?"
baby, daddy ain't leaving no more, "daddy you're lying
"you always say that, you always say this is the last time
"but you ain't leaving no more, daddy you're mine"
she's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it
"daddy please, daddy don't leave, daddy - no stop it!"
goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
it's got a picture, "this'll keep you safe daddy, take it withcha'"
i look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
these fuckin' walls must be talking, cuz man i can hear 'em
they're saying "you've got one more chance to do right" - and it's tonight
now go out there and show that you love 'em before it's too late
and just as i go to walk out of my bedroom door
it turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
and i'm singing...
listen gone again
story of my life
searching for the right
but it keeps avoiding me
listen gone again
sorrow in my soul
cause it seems that wrong
really loves my company
listen gone again...