"hailie's revenge" lyrics
eminem lyrics
"hailie's revenge"
get on yo knees nigga, get on yo knees and pray
em, you claim ya mother's a crackhead and kim is a known slut so what's hailie gon' be when she grows up?
ah-ha! yeah! c'mon!
g-g-g-g g-unit! hailie
what?
come here baby, bring daddy his oscar
okay
we're gonna shove it up ja rule's ass!
i'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple
i'm quick to murder ink with lead and talkin' bout a pencil
lookit what the fuck you done got into
i see you found yo niche, you just a bitch wit a menstrol
claimin' you a murderer and you spelled it wrong
you put 'e' before the 'd' cuz that's all you on
you on pac's dick, you a regular guy
if pac was still alive you would never get by
all you do is cry, bitch keep it real
life is more than imitating niggaz and eatin' pills
and kind of muthafucka ruins three deals
that another nigga got you, they didn't see skills
and i ain't playin', you a brother gettin' cheated
and ja rule be prayin' on his cover cuz he need it
and all you niggaz hatin', shut you mouths
it's just that real niggaz ain't buyin' that shit y'all put out
do-ra-mi, but we don't sing muhfuckas
so murder inc. do ya thing muhfuckas
you've unleashed on a team who expects nothin' less
than r&b comin' from that regime
regime it's a little extreme
neck and necks with soldiers, muhfuckin' marines
ja sold his soul to sing
weave eye-witness team on the tv screen, chase the greed
now that you've embraced the green
don't fuck with the triple beams
you's a muthafuckin actor slash pac impersonatin' rapper
slash billie holliday how it happen?
artist for repetuar saw him in action
pac assassination def jam grabbed him
told him reinact him, you go platinum
they seen it for sure, i know that afina shakur
don't enjoy jeffery atkins reinactin' her boy
so i'm click-clackin' this toy
mash and destroy, shady
aftermath and detroit muthafuckas
do-ra-me, fa-so-la-ti-da
don't blame me cuz you lost your boss's spot
mama-say-mama-sa-ma-macosa
ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2pac
don't make me, too hot and you're not
shootin' at me, with the only shot you got
ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2pac
you'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop
now we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs
to the greivance and the cryin' and the intimate hugs
we don't take you serious nigga you shook you half of a half-way crook, get off x dick, go sing a hook nigga
and you can't replace the late greal one
and when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one
nigga please, stick to the script
before the guns stick to the clip, and benzino you ain't shit but a bitch
fuckin' old ass ignorant innocent lookin' senior citizen
built up, slap you like grimace, all sensitive
wait a minute, hold on
is it me or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes on?
a bitch made man, now how you gonna connect with them short ass arms like a tyrannasaurus rex?
you niggaz can scream holler and curse
go ahead and respond and pull that pen and pad up outta ya purse
slim did it simple to get at the wankstas
he told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas
what up gotti and this little war you pushed on
put you ear to the ground for stucky and bush stones
what's wrong? didn't think we strong with real niggaz?
roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us
it's real business you ain't caught the concept
you talkin' nonsense to walk and find press
contact was blown by munsetta in the source
threaten at the boss you gon' see me on ya porch
now irv got the nerve to try to serve on us
but detroit niggaz ?? and ain't scurred to bust
word to my nigga bugs, punks like you get beat up
stomped unconcious and smacked with the heater
this rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils with dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina
who's behind ya? cadillic pac or that transvestite who dress like a lil kim fox, her chest like a little windbox
press tight on the trigger of this glock
swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat
you knock pac's songs without love to help you sleep
you got shot in your video tryin mock pac
you 'mockaveli', get your own identity
yeah!
don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again!
fuckin' punk pussy little bitch!
i'll fuck you up boy!
never! never in your muthafuckin life!
i'll choke the shit outchu little muthafuckin bitch!
hailie can whip your muthafuckin ass!
that's right muthafuckas
shady records, whatchu know about it?
fuck benzino, fuck ja rule
nigga, this obie triceright here talkin to you muthafuckas
ja rule punk ass... yea!
fuckin soul for real ass...
nigga that's soul for real,
that the nigga from soul for real!
candy rain ass nigga...
he got a deal now he rappin'
you'ont know what's... faggot ass muhfuckas
get money to all my real niggas, man
obie trice, d12, g unit, 50 cent...
hailie jade!!!
daddy is ja rule taller than me?
no honey, you guys are the same size...