"my fault" lyrics
eminem lyrics
"my fault"
i never meant to give you mushrooms girl
i never meant to bring you to my world
now you sitting in the corner crying
and now it's my fault my fault
i went to john's rave with ron and dave
and met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved
a nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
with first aid tape and raped on the first date
susan -- an ex-heroin addict who just stoped usin.was into bosse and
alternative music. told me she was about to use it agzin. i said wiat first
try this hallucionagin, its better than heroin and the the booze and the gin.
come here lets go in here. who's in the den? (it's me and kelly) my bad! lets
try another room "i don't trust you" shut up slut chew up this mushroom. this
will help you get in touch with your roots. we'll get bare-foot but naked and run
in the woods. "oh hell might as well try 'em this party is so drag." oh dag i
didn't mean for you to eat the whole bag! (huh)
"yo sue!"
get away from me, i don't know you
oh shoot, she's tripping..
i need to go puke!! (bleahh!)
i wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major
i just wanted to make you appreciate nature.
susan stop crying i don't hate ya. the worlds not against you i'm sorry your
father raped ya. so what, you had your coochie in your dad's mouth. thats no
reason to start wiggin and spaz out.
she said "help me i think i'm having a seisure!"
i said "i'm high too (bitch) quit grabbin my t-shirt (let go!)
would you calm down you're startin to scare me.
she said " i'm twenty-six years old and i'm not married. i don't have any
kids and i can't cook"
i'm over here sue, (hi) you're talkin to the plant, look!
we need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late
cause i never seen no-one eat as many shrooms as you ate.
susan (wait!) where you goin? you better be careful
leave me alone dad, i'm sick of gettin my hair pulled
i'm not your dad, quit tryin to swallow your tongue
want some gum? put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin dumb
i'll be right back just chill baby please?
i gotta go find dave he's the one who gave me these.
"john, where's dave at before i bash you?"
he's in the bathroom; i think he's takin a crap dude!
"dave! pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
there's a girl upstairs talkin to plants
choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left
of spring break, how long do these things take to wear off?"
well it depends on how many you had? i took three she ate the other
twenty-two caps now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs,drinking lysol.
"she's gonna die dude." i know and it's my fault!
my god!
my god, i'm so sorry!
i'm so sorry! susan please wake up!
please! please wake up!! what are you doing?!
you're not dead!! you're not dead!
i know you're not dead!