"same song & dance" lyrics
eminem lyrics
"same song & dance"
yo... same song and dance damn girl, everywhere i go same song and dance
i like the way you move! all over the globe same song and dance something about it man
same song and dance in the pale moonlight yo...
i'm lookin' at ya, yeah girl your kind of tookin' back by the whole rapper thing aren't ya?
probably thinkin' you'll get slapped so dang hard ya won't even be able to stand up straight, aren't ya?
couple rape charges, people think you're a monster
the police constantly buggin' ya non-stop i walk up on ya, well hello tonya
i think ya got your onstar button inside your car stuck.
you outta gas, do you gotta flat?
i would hate for you to be stranded at the laundromat i got your back
why don't you put your laundry basket in the back
and sit up front, not askin' it's a trap
you just got jacked and body snatched and it's a rap
in broad day, with no mask for this attack i heard 'em say, exact opposites attract
if that's a fact, it'll take task force to get ya back
c'mon
yeah baby, do that dance it's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
girl shake that ass you ain't ever gonna break that glass
the windshields too strong for you i said yeah baby, sing that song
it's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
you sexy little thing show me what you got, give it your all
look at you bawl, why you cryin' to me?
same song and dance...
the first victim i had, she was a big one big movie star, a party girl, big fun
she was the girl the media always picked on in and out of rehab, every 4 to 6 months
she was always known for little pranks and slick stunts
and nickelodeon flashed her little kids once
what an event it was,
i was sitting in front i was hooked in it the first glimpse of them buns
seen her back stage now here's where i come in son
look here she comes i better pull out the big guns
hello lindsay, you're looking a little thin hun
how bout a ride to rehab, get in cunt
starting off on the wrong foot is what i didn't want
girl i'm just kidding let me start over again hun
see what i meant was, we should have a little intervention
come with me to brighton, let me relieve your tension
you little wench ya, murder wasn't my intention if i wanted to kill you it would of already been done
slowly she gets in and i begin to lynch her with sixty-six inches of extension... cord.
yeah baby, do that dance it's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
girl shake that ass you ain't ever gonna break that glass
the windshields too strong for you i said yeah baby, sing that song
it's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
you sexy little thing show me what you got, give it your all
look at you bawl, why you cryin' to me? same song and dance...
my second victim was even bigger then the first
pop star, icon, the whole works
she played a little schoolgirl when she first burst
upon the scene and seen that the world was hers
she twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad it hurts
it irked me and made me mad at first i lashed out through my songs but what was really going on
was that i had developed a crush i just didn't know how to tell it to her...
should i cut off one of my ears and mail it to her?
send her pictures of my collections of skeletons of, footage of me impaling myself on an elephant tusk?
we'll settle this once and for all, i'mma tell her at dusk tonight, tonight is the night and tell her i must
creep up, to her mansion in stilettos and just climb the gate and ring the bell like hello my love,
i just picked your prescription for seroquel up!
now would you like to share a pill or two with me?
i'll share my valium with you cause i'm feelin you britney!
i'll trade you a blue one for a pink one ever since a schoolgirl juvenile delinquent
i've been feeling you ooh ooh girl you sexy little gal you
hold that pill any longer it'll get sentimental value
come-on toots, give me the valium alleyoop...
i'll slam dunk it in your mouth til you puke
and just as soon you pass out in your alphabet soup i'm 'bout to, make a new outfit out of you
new outfit? shit i'll make a suit out of you
shoot! now show me how you move baby do how well ya do
yeah baby, do that dance
it's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
girl shake that ass
you ain't ever gonna break that glass
the windshields too strong for you i said yeah baby, sing that song
it's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
you sexy little thing
show me what you got, give it your all
look at you bawl, why you cryin' to me?
same song and dance...
same kickin' and screamin' same cryin' and sobbin' same song and dance...
same diggin' and pleadin' same yellin' and bleedin' same song and dance
yeah same song and dance  know same song and dance