"stimulate" lyrics
eminem lyrics
"stimulate"
psst... hey, listen!
lalalalala! i love my job. whoo! makes me feel like superman!
can you fly? i can. wanna see?
i'm only entertaining you
my goal is to stimulate, making you high
and take you and i
to a place you can't see
but i believe you can fly
i don't mean nobody harm, i'm just partying
i'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
just a man who's on the mic
so let me entertain you...
my lyrical content is constantly under fire
no wonder why i constantly bomb back
to combat attacks with constant concepts
when lyrics are constantly took outta context
failure to communicate with congress has
been a problem for the longest, i guess
but maybe one day we can make some progress
food for thought - see how long it takes to digest
feeling good when i should be ashamed
sh*t, i really should've fell but i stood
see i came like a flame in the night
like a ghost in the dark; there's a ray, there's a light
there's a hope, there's a spark
but when planets collide they'll never see eye to eye
until they decide to set their differences aside
and this is why only one of us will survive
so children follow my lead and feel the vibe, cause
my music can be slightly amusing
you shouldn't take lyrics so serious, it might be confusing
just trying to seperate the truth from entertainment
it's stupid, ain't it? i get sick of trying to explain it
see i could sit and argue with you but it goes beyond
just being a snot, pointy-nosed bleach-blond
cause i came here to uplift; let your woes be gone,
tell 'em to get fu*ked and just mosie on
constantly moving, constantly using the constitution
as a form of restitution
bless the children, nothing less than brilliant
let me entertain you like robbie williams
i'll be here when y'all are gone, rebuilding,
world revolving, still evolving, still slim
how many kids'll copy? probably millions,
but i'ma do this as a fu*king hobby till then, cause
my lyrical content contains subject matter
that sucks up all these fu*ked up young kids
at an alarming rate; common denominate
add it up and you'll see just why i dominate
i try to stimulate but kids emulate,
and mimmick every move you make - "slim, you great!"
but wait, can't you see i'm only here to entertain?
i gotta be the one to go against the grain
cause man, i see it, feel it, live it, but it's inhumane
for me to see you be influenced but pretend you ain't
but they don't understand that i've been through pain
if you get to know me i could be a friend you gain
but you can't just stand there and try to judge
it hurts but you're jealousy probably tears you up inside as much
and it's such a pleasure, every button that i touch
i treasure every glutton that i punish in my lust, but