"8 minutes to sunrise" lyrics
common lyrics
"8 minutes to sunrise"
(feat. jill scott)
yeah, yo, yo, yo-yo, yo, yo
yo, a touch of jazz y'all, yeah, yeah
?? y'all, yo they got us on the run, like
8 minutes to sunrise
oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (i don't know..)
pressure is mountin
oh baby now, how we gonna get through? (i, don't, know)
can't go left (uh-uh) can't go right (uh-uh)
don't know, how we made it through the night (c'mon c'mon c'mon)
7 minutes to sunrise
oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (do it, do it..)
it was once said by black thought that +things fall apart+
knew i shouldn't have been messin with dude's girl from start
but i pimp from the heart, the art of it made it interestin
plus me and sister blend before we got intimate
friend or no friend, my man caught wind
this chick is payin me, it'll either cost me or cost him
told her she shoulda lost him (when?) a while ago
cause dude'll drink a pile of mo' and defile her yo
i ain't here to start on this  for me to wreck his broad
you could tell what i thought of this
nickname was smoke, don't know if that was cause of cigarettes
(or what?) or guns he tote, he called shots on the deck
so i wasn't tryin to call his bluff, by his persona
you could see, he think he tough!
if that wasn't enough, old girl had his son
this is wild like the west i'm like jesse on the run, uhh
6 minutes to sunrise
oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (i don't know..)
pressure is mountin
oh baby now, how we gon' get through? (i, don't, know)
can't go left and (uh-uh) can't go right and (uh-uh)
don't know, how we made it through the night (yo, we got..)
5 minutes to sunrise
oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (do it, do it..)
i understand that time is runnin out, i'm thinkin of town-skippin
got a chevy but the alternator be trippin
i'm hittin rum straight, thinkin of a route to truncate
the streets is watchin, out is one way i put myself in his nike's
his position is, "aight man, somebody bonin my lady"
probably snap like rod-man
my plan was to meet at this bar called the tiki (when?)
'round four, when she was comin she would beep me
i sat deep in the corner, drinkin zombies, becomin one by now
wonderin if my style would support her and her child
out the corner of my eye saw this stud i recognized (who?)
one of smoke's guys, to stay out of sight i tried
told jill scott to meet we coulda picked a better spot
on some "nobody's supposed to be here"  like deborah cox
looked at my watch,  i don't even got a watch
felt for my glock, damnit i don't even got a glock, yo
4 minutes to sunrise
oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (i don't know..)
pressure is mountin
oh baby now, how we gon' get through? (i, don't, know)
can't go left and (uh-uh) can't go right and (uh-uh)
don't know, how we made it through the night (c'mon c'mon)
3 minutes to sunrise
oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (do it, do it..)
pressure puh-pressure what? the pressure's cookin
it ain't good lookin, like a black promoter i'm talkin bookin
not that i'm spooked of dude, i could whup him
but he was on the horn informin the rest of them hoodlums (aight)
usually i wouldn't fight over a woman, old girl had a sun-shine
was messed up, on smoke's payroll was one-time
my pager went off, it read one line: "come get me
from halsted," i'm thinkin this is monkey bar
went to the phone quick, called her (what happened?) her line was busy
situation number nine, got my mind dizzy
wondered if this plan was designed to get me
i've been drinkin too strong to be thinkin too long
like 40 goin north i'm doin 50, headed for the spot
askin god to be with me, and lately
she has been actin shifty -- (but what?)
but then it hit me (hit me) it hit me (hit me)
it hit me (hit me) it hit me
2 minutes to sunrise
oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (i don't know..)
pressure is mountin
oh baby now, how we gonna get through? (yo -- i said i, don't, know)
can't go left and (uh-uh) can't go right and (nope)
don't know, how we made it through the night (yo, we got)
1 minute to sunrise
oh baby now, what are we gonna do? (one-one, one.. ha?)
1 minute.. (we got, we got) one, one
1 minute.. (ahh shit, we got) one, one
1 minute.. (what we got girl?) one, one
1 minute.. (baby, com sense on the run) now, now
1 minute.. (com sense on the run) one..
1 minute.. (just got on the run, just got on the run)
(com sense on the run, com sense on the run)
(just got on the run, just got on the run)
(they got us on the run like.. they got us on the run)
(they got us on the.. yo, they got us on the run)
(uhh, yo, they got us on the run)
(they got us on the.. yo, they got us on the run)
(and we out..)