"the questions" lyrics
common lyrics
"the questions"
(feat. mos def)
uhh..
it's the questions (what..) it's the questions boy
it's the questions (what?) it's the questions c'mon
the questions (what?) it's the questions boy
it's the questions (hah) it's the questions yeah
talkin bout the questions, it's the questions y'all
it's the questions (what?) it's the questions, dig it
the questions (why?) it's the questions boy
it's the questions (huh?) that's what it's all about
yo, yo..
what is an emcee if the wall ain't got no back?
(i don't know, yo, he must be kinda wack)
what is paper to a nigga if the nigga don't stack?
(yo, why the hell you askin me that?)
why do these girls, look so good in the summer?
(i don't know, i'm just sayin this shit)
if you got ta-dat-ta-dat-tap for your lady wouldja wanna?
(hmmm.. yeah, right)
cause you answer the phone "peace" do that mean that you not a freak?
(hell no! that's right)
cause you recognize me-e-e-e-e, yo, i got to speak?
(why can't you speak? what you big a star now?)
why you got-ta, act like, nigga, all the time
(even on sunday's you should..)
is a nigga yo' complexion, is it all in your mind?
(it's all your mind..)
what's it called y'all?
it's the questions (what?) it's the questions boy
it's the questions (what?) it's the questions, yeah!
the questions (uhh) it's the questions y'all
it's the questions (what?) it's the questions c'mon
the questions, it's the questions boy
it's the questions (ahh, uh ahh) it's the questions, yeah
the questions (yes) it's the questions boy
it's the questions - that's what it's all about
yo, if i'm a intellectual-al, i can't be sexual?
(i don't know, you wanna be sexual??)
if i want to uhh tah uhh does that mean i lack respect for you?
(i don't know you tell me..)
youse a grown man, why fuck that young girl, are you lustin?
(i might look twenty but i'm 15 - slow down girl)
if you got paper like that, then why you still hustlin?
(why you still hustlin? c'mon!)
now you know yo' stomach too big, to be wearin a shirt like that
(look at your stomach - ewww it's sloppy)
so why, you want, to go and do that?
why ya why ya why ya why ya why ya wanna why ya wanna
why ya wanna go and do that love huh?
yo why your girl gi-giddy when my name come up?
{*female giggling*}
how come the industry build careers that don't last?
(uh-huh, that's right, ask him)
how come niggaz don't know but they front and don't ask?
(mmmmhmmm) man i don't know, i don't know
it's the questions (what?) it's the questions girl
it's the questions (what?) it's the questions c'mon
the questions (what?) it's the questions com
it's the questions (hah) it's the questions yeah
yo we talkin bout t
it's the questions (the who, the where, the when, the why)
it's the questions, c'mon!!
the questions.. the questions y'all (yo we shoutin it out)
it's the questions - that's what it's all about
yo, why they say never say never, when they know that ain't right?
(what???)
cause to never say never you done said never twice
(they scrubs, that's why - yeah that's twice)
why do i need i.d. to get i.d.?
(i don't know, beats me.. beats me)
if i had i.d. i wouldn't need i.d.
(hahahahah, that's right - that's true)
why do these fine ghetto women got so much ass?
(why'd you talkin about our ass though? c'mon now)
why did dr. j shave his beard and mustache?
(like this.. and like this)
how you got high expectations but got no patience?
(c'mon, i don't know, i don't know, i don't know)
how come this joint named "the questions" is so john blazin'?
(uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh) man i don't know, i don't know
it's the questions (what..) it's the questions boy
it's the questions, it's just my questions black
some questions - it's the questions y'all
it's the questions (what?) it's the questions, yo
talkin bout the questions, it's the questions girl
it's the questions (what?) it's the questions, c'mon
the questions (which?) and we're shoutin it out
it's the questions (huh?) that's what it's all about, yo
...