"universal mind control" lyrics
common lyrics
"universal mind control"
(feat. pharrell)
ayo
all they wanna do is dance
thats all they wanna do
uh uh
get get it
this is that automatic i stay fresh like i'm wrapped in plastic.
beat goes fast, exceed galactic.
southside boy we cadillac it charismatic, asiatic, i hustle for mathematics
cameras, action, change the status
actor type of your favorite actress
gucci - rock it
coochies - pop it
movie - watch it
booties - drop it
body - move it
showin - groovin
stylin and being fly.
i touch the masses like a catholic expensive rap shit my futures backlit
interact with the cat who max and stacks my van-ac to trash yall react so lets go uh
this is that new shit. keep em' standing in line. that universal mind control, now move your
behind. you know you like it, it's calling your name. nigga, this is that new shit and it don't
feel the same. its got that dang digga dang dang dang dang. dang digga dang dang dang dang.
bawitdaba da bang a dang digga digga. bawitdaba da bang a dang dang.
some pop, some lock, some move robotic.
like cash money, i stay in pocket.
umc ra ra ra rock, don't stop it.
chick's exotic, mix hypnotic.
superhero-ro boy i'm bionic. you a fad, on some other level supersonic.
girl you bout it, you can strip like comic and transe the melodic techno-tronic.
beats - rockin
seats - droppin
seeds - poppin
streets - rockin
freakin, shakin, money makin, stylin and being fly.
i'm the one the lady ladies chose to
strip and pose to, shake off they clothes to
chose to the one that go coast to coastal mr. global focal lets go uh
this is that new shit. keep em' standing in line. that universal mind control, now move your
behind. you know you like it, it's calling your name. nigga, this is that new shit and it don't
feel the same. its got that dang digga dang dang dang dang. dang digga dang dang dang dang.
bawitdaba da bang a dang digga digga. bawitdaba da bang a dang dang.
get get it
i am a renegade
i've never been afraid. fresh and i'm gettin' paid
the future-future of this age!
from the chi, so i talk this way.
twista hate at the grand marquee.
rock the faucet like everday.
to the top and i'm on my way. let's go, uh!
this is that new shit. keep em' standing in line. that universal mind control, now move your
behind. you know you like it, it's calling your name. nigga, this is that new shit and it don't
feel the same. its got that dang digga dang dang dang dang. dang digga dang dang dang dang.
bawitdaba da bang a dang digga digga. bawitdaba da bang a dang dang