"a love that's true (part i)" lyrics
slick rick lyrics
"a love that's true (part i)"
so you get my point son
you just don't trust no bitch, you know what i'm sayin?
"okay, daddy, i understand"
cause bitches ain't no good, you know what i'm sayin?
"okay, i get your point"
anyway, listen to this, check it out
1994, as the world gets trifer
i'm wondering, the fuck i need a woman in my life for? (ya know)
cause its like a nigga whole history
with you hoes been nothing but misery
first rater, five-one stood
mad coke fiend though the bitch looked good
met her at the fever
"what's going on, stranger?"
and like a fool took her in and tried to change her
i don't who i thought i's bluffing
that bitch wasn't giving up that coke for nothing
"oh you trying to dis, mister bougeois nigga
yet back in the day, you used to smoke coke cigarettes too
that type shit you ain't admitting"
because, homegirl, i grew out of it, you didn't
anyway, dead out of order
came in with a sheepskin her ex-lover bought her
who gave you that?
"my ex"
i said "who?"
believe she had the nerve to say "you can wear it too"
when i found strength to depart, i do
withdrew, for something brand new
someone who would be true
yes i should find someone who would be true
cause ricky needs a love that's true
truuuuuuuuuuue, oh dear, scooby dooby doo
scooby doo doo
then i met sin,
sweating the viking
a brown skinned fox, slim just like i like them
"what?  sweating you?  picture that, nerd.  please"
anyway, the bitch had herpes!  (you know)
imagine me, the fool being the spouse
doctor said i couldn't catch it unless i got aroused
found out snooping in her bag what she got
now why you ain't tell me?  you worthless slut!
"because i loved you at the time and couldn't afford to"
you know homegirl should get the oscar award for her lying
anyway, stayed with the creep
one day, sybil here, talking in her sleep
"chris, wait," the bum bitch said
so loud till a motherfucker fell out the bed
who the hell is chris?  she putting up resistance
until i caught her calling the nigga long distance
had the nerve to dis patch loving
boy am i lucky that i didn't catch nothing
when i found strength to depart, i do
withdrew, for something brand new
someone who would be true
yes i should find someone who would be true
cause ricky needs a love that's true
truuuuuuuuuuue, truuuuuuuuue
indeed, i need a love that's true
it seems i need a love that's true
oh dear, scooby dooby doo
oh gosh, scooby doo doo-ooh (doo-ooh)
though happy i was free
the need for love was still in me
got to the point where the need for it was killing me
then i met short here, hanging with my cousin
found out later how young the bitch was and
though i done hit it and she opened up a world
and remind me of that song "go away, little girl"
it had to end because the bitch weren't loyal, and spoiled
"that's because i had you pussy whipped royal"
you see the type of shit a nigga was gonna marry?
you see the type of attitude the bum bitch carry?
like oil and water, impossible mixture
then temper tantrums came into the picture
yelling (ahhhh), carrying on bad and cursing
complete embarassment to the ruler as a person
"gimme shorts"
ruler will not permit you
then she goes wild, starts breaking up my furniture
flirts too, excuse me, a whore
like the world's worst groupie when i brought her on tour
so when i found strength to depart, i do
withdrew, for something brand new
someone who would be true
yes i should find someone who would be true
cause ricky needs a love that's true
truuuuuuuuuuue, truuuuuuuuue
indeed, i need a love that's true
it seems i need a love that's true
oh dear, scooby dooby doo
oh gosh, scooby doo doo
ricky needs a love that's true-hoo-hoo