"cuz it's wrong" lyrics
slick rick lyrics
"cuz it's wrong"
cause it's wrong...
cause it's wrong...
sang my songs, stuck in my tongue, girl strung
sweating among them was a hum
'got a man, but we not getting along'
lick the balls, i know some girls that lick it, not around dick it
rick it's amazing how you rap, word up, you sound wicked
do i dig her, silly pressure, picture drig up, do a drig up
if you only knew how good, rick, you look into mirror
buck perfect, to her car, said when i walk, not ever
tell her 'call me later on, just to talk, or whatever'
stir it up, learn the digits, to be safe, burn it up
and here's another slick rick one, let her man turn it up
now on the strap, very soon, she be all hot wanna rap
some cat over there, but rick, ain't nothing gonna happen
comes over, stuck my tongue in her mouth, she gave me a hickey
shocked me, the way she jock, truck me not, me ricky not
known to faking, and you probably kidding rock, just something
thought your ho strung, nah, didn't knock on tongue
cause it's wrong...
cause it's wrong...
another honey, real sneaky, lines thrown on the free
sends money, works so late, but he be home on the weekend
wanna say your best, i'm charging the rest though
said the guest off, now massaging the breast off
while i'm getting info out of her, girlfriend side of her
doing this already, i be in that and out of here
ask her friend, what poet best? rap my vote
don't know, girlfriend asking like down to cut throat
you seem too hard for the rest of the them, met all into them
get to a friend, sometime today, so we can get all into
so then friend said don't take all day, whore, i mean
drops her number on the phone, make sure the dark seen
along asked, can you help me rap, maybe, winked
think me, you go far, oh yeah, that's it, baby, drink
don't effecting on your pop, kid rock just one
though your ho strung, nah, didn't knock on tongue
cause it's wrong...
cause it's wrong...
cause it's wrong...
cause it's wrong...
a good look strike ya ho, you attack mic, it's on
i wanna ask is that really real? bitch, act like you know
give me a line for your joint, make to every story define me
getting noisy, everybody leave, but you close the door behind me
left your man dressing room, you try to diss me cause you rule in school
i said word, so won't you kiss me, you fool
shoulder shook, she popped why not, another fan of word, on the lord
well anyway like an autograph and a cut
made my move to triple excitement, stop rick, you're flipping
as i grind against her pussy and i gently lick her nipple
less than a minute, warmth is missing, look at the high in her dressing
lights off, pull panties to the hide and caressing
mass roll the plan of life, wonder keep her in, passed off
bolt than she sang, more deeper than my pants off
don't effect and now you pop, kid and rock, just stop
no strung, no i didn't knock on tongue
cause it's wrong...
cause it's wrong...
cause it's wrong...
cause it's wrong...