"hey young world" lyrics
slick rick lyrics
"hey young world"
guess who's back
hey young world... the world is yours
hey young world... the world is yours
young world young world... the world is yours
young wo-ah-huh-huh-huh-urld
this rap here... it may cause concern it's
broad and deep... why don't you listen and learn
love mean happiness... that once was strong
but due to society... even that's turned wrong
times have changed... and it's cool to look bummy
and be a dumb dummy and disrespect your mummy
have you forgotten... who put you on this earth?
who brought you up right... and who loved you since your birth?
reward is a brainwashed kid goin wild
young little girls already have a child
bad company... hey, now you've been framed
your parents are hurting... hurting and ashamed
you're ruining yourself... and your mommy can't cope
hey, little kids don't follow these dopes
here's a rule for the non cool... your life, don't drool
don't be a fool like those that don't go to school
get ahead... and accomplish things
you'll see the wonder and the joy life brings
don't admire thieves... hey they don't admire you
their time's limited, hardrocks too
so listen, be strong, scream whoopee-doo
go for yours, cause dreams come true
and you'll make your mommy proud... so proud of you too
and this is a message... that the ruler rick threw
and it's true
"you know, you know what, you know what, you know what?
we like to party, like to party"
hey young world, the world is yours
hey young world
"yo peep this"
hey mr. bigshot... hey, don't you look fly?
but you don't have a nickle... ohhhh, my my my
you've been fightin again and, you forgot why
hey kid, walk straight, master your high
whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.... because you make your family cry
and all jokes aside, are you in good health?
hey little boy... now have you really checked yourself?
you're a disgust, you know someone that i can't trust, you'd
steal mom's welfare... and you'd run and buy some dust, and
plus, a must so... bigshot you're not
your friends are talkin and i'm hearin that your girls are what?
you didn't know?  go steal and rob
and while you're at it... go get a suit for a j-awhh-ob
you see you're actin like this urge is demandin
c'mon, wake up... have some understandin
society's a weak excuse for a man
it's time for the brothers... rap is trying to take the stand
believe it or not, the lord still shines on you deep
guides you... and he watched you as you grew, plus
past the age of... a little child, that's true
but folks your age don't act like you do, so
so be mature... and put the point to a halt
and if you're over eighteen... i wish you'd act like an adult
don't live in a world... of hate hate hate
pull yourself together... and get yourself straight
men don't steal... hey, most don't borrow
and if you smoke crack... your kids'll smoke crack tomorrow
so be more mature... and kids do your chores
make your own money... hey, be proud that's yours
you know why, cause that's a man... that's brains no spite
stayin out of trouble... when it comes in sight
and a man never loses a fight... in god's sight
cause righteous laws are overdue
and this is a message that the ruler rick threw
and it's true
"you know, you know what, you know what, you know what?
we like to party, like to party"
hey young world, the world is yours
hey young world...
"yo peep this...
mc... ricky... d...
the grand wizzard...
and his partner...
and his and his and his partner...
say what?
la-di! da-di! la-di! da-di!
la-di-da-di..."