"pimpin' ain't easy (the godfather theme)" lyrics
slick rick lyrics
"pimpin' ain't easy (the godfather theme)"
(feat. dana dane)
come get on the hoooooooe train!
pimpin ain't easy
pimps up
hoes down
well i'm a pimp y'all, out here protecting
1972, 42nd, mad , lot of cops gather
cause my pink rolls-royce known to stop traffic
at the curb, looking close to regal
my hoes, pure dimes, now approach the vehicle
what you call this?  quite appalled with
"must've been a slow night," 20 grand, that's all bitch?
took the cash and just about to dally
when peaches, beat down, ran from out an alley
delayed, more beef now placed upon a player
300 pound pervert don't wanna pay her
pimp my hoes, strolling, i don't like that
hold my pink fur derby, i'll be right back
dana dane, slick rick, lords of wrecking
we the biggest pimps from hunt's point to 42nd
when it comes to (uhh) we the captain kirks of
where you think we getting all the jewels from
jerkoff?
for suresy, for sheezy, believe me
man, pimpin ain't easy
check it
18 hour day, money getting racked up
even if we got to krazy glue a chick, ooh she back up
you can squeeze it, hoes pick my doo doo when they sniff it
juice is breakfast at tiffany's terrific
my baby blue eldorado coupe is just the sickest
my stable boast the most exotic bitches (come here hoe)
a make a quarter roll of hoes bubble like cristal
3 grand a night each, three ways i fish out
hoes better have my scratch
word to slick rick's diamond covered eye patch
i scoop my cash out the air, white lineyed out
out comes a dime, red dress, bottom shimmeyed out
askin if i'm the great one, like there's any doubt
she want to split her gorilla pimp jimmy house
i spit iceberg cold, and plenty pound
run, your funny soft stories they don't get me roused
you wanna ride in the train?  put some  out
here's a quiz, baby girl, are you in or out? (i'm in!)
dana dane, slick rick, lords of wrecking
we the biggest pimps from hunt's point to 42nd
when it comes to (uhh) we the captain kirks of
where you think we getting all the jewels from jerk-off?
for sheezy, for sheezy, believe me
man, pimpin ain't easy
check it, 18 hour day, money getting racked up
even if we got to krazy glue a chick, ooh she back up
well rest from sleep my test to  each
port authority trying to scoop fresh, not
now hoping, i'm the only one that's open
this bright hot shorty with ponytail approaching
so i move in on her hot drawers
i'm like hey baby, my name's sweet daddy, what's yours?
i spun a 360, impose on
now she in the palace alone with no clothes on
and my flagpole blazing in the trimmer
say about 2, 3 days of this dilemma
now got lots to do, say to the prostitute
"you love me?  prove to sweet daddy how much you do"
now noticing the chick look puzzled
till i dialed her up like she was a heidy fleiss model
high heels, make up, then i inspect the chick
and fling her outside to suck a wallstreet executive
dana dane, slick rick, lords of wrecking
we the biggest pimps from hunt's point to 42nd
when it comes to (uhh) we the captain kirks of
where you think we getting all the jewels from jerk-off?
for sheezy, for sheezy, believe me
man, pimpin ain't easy
check it, 18 hour day, money getting racked up
even if we got to krazy glue a chick, ooh she back up