"the show live" lyrics
slick rick lyrics
"the show live"
(feat. doug e. fresh)
yo, aiyo rick!
this one, this one, this one is for you
(ok, baby)
everybody, throw one hand up in the air like
throw it up yo,  yea, yea,
yea, yea
yea, yea, yea, yea
yea, yea, yea
excuse me doug e. fresh (yes?)
have you ever seen- {wit fellows on the mic}
{wit} one minute rhymes and don't come out right
they bite, that's not polite (yo) am i lying?
(no, you're quite right)
well tonight, on this very mic you're about to hear
{we swear, the best damn rappers of the year
so, cheerio, scream bravo}
also, if you didn't know this is called the show!
(are ya ready to get this on? are ya ready over here?
ya ready right here? let's go...)
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
somebody say go doug e. fresh go doug e. fresh go
ya don't say yo...
aiyo doug (what?)
put your ballys on
(yo i was about to, but i need the shoehorn)
why? (because the shoes always hurt my corn)
six minutes (how many minutes?)
six minutes (how many minutes?)
six minutes, doug e. fresh you're on
ah ah on, ah ah on, ah ah ah ah ah ah ah on
ah ah on, ah ah on, ah ah ah ah ah ah ah on
(aiyo rick let's see if they on, here we go)
here we go (come on) come on
here we go (come on) come on
(yo, to ? the stream liquor
on time, yo i forgot the date
man, you did it again) oh no
(yo, come on, come on)
raekwon, yo!
{we on no no no, no we didn't)
(no n-n-n-no) what what what what
(no we didn't) well don't get us wrong
excuse me doug e., excuse me doug e.
excuse me doug e. fresh you're on
{ah ah on}
give a round applause for raekwon, yo
(now you know what) wu-tang clan in the house
(is the east coast in here, is the west coast in here)
somebody say owwwwwwww
(where's the party at? tell me somethin, where's the party at?
where's the party at? where's the party at?
where's the party at? where's the party at?
where's the party at? where's the party at?
say oh la oh la, say oh la oh la
say hidey hidey hidey ho, say hidey hidey hidey ho
aiyo say oh la oh la, say hooo
say ho-o-o
all the ladies in the house tonight, let me hear you say aaow
say a-a-aow, say a-a-aow)
yo, we runnin wit honors, oh shit, come out here kid
(aiyo, aiyo)
yeah (what started up on 8th avenue
and i made up the name called the get fresh crew
it was me, my true dj, true that'll be
my right hand man ricky d
rappers sing, make sounds and things
for example, here's a telephone ring
ring, ring) hello, is doug e. fresh in right now
(no, he's not in right now, but anyway, no more delay
check out the new style i display
now you got to be fresh, to rock wit fresh
i'm d-o-u-g-i-e fresh, and i'm know for the-
not for the--
the human beat box on the entertainer
no other title can fit me plainer
passing generation, i am a remainder
also known as a beat box trainer
cashing checks, sound effects
i'm finish rocking, slick rick is on next)
you know it (slick rick)
well, here's a little something that needs to be heard
doug, i was going downtown (word rick?) word
chillin all alone, no one to be wit
stepped on the d-train, 205th
i saw a pretty girl (so) so i sat beside her
then she went roar, she was tony the tiger
i said, oh darn, there has been a mistake
honey, my name's slick rick, not frosty flakes
(oh, golly wolly) she was raised in hell
she said, um, my name is maggie, but call me michelle
michelle by belle, something w--
sippin on some, slick rick and i'm rock house
ya know i'm sayin? when i'm on the mic, there won't be no delayin
bust a move, we show and prove
aiyo, doug (what?) do that record jam on a groove
yeah doug, yeah doug, yeah doug, haha
{as you can see} (most definitely, we are, fresh)
{chill will} (right here, ricky d and i am the original
human beatbox, the entertainer, doug e. e. e. e. fresh)
yeah, yeah, yeah