"unify" lyrics
slick rick lyrics
"unify"
(feat. snoop doggy dogg)
i falls off into a party in the n.y.c.
niggaz lookin at me strange but they lovin my chain
bang bang, same thang, game came when i left em
i do it by my lonely now i'm the big homie
but i'm his royal slickness, ghetto weakness, come rick is
the one who expose cornball rappers with the quickness
uhh, who bum from and who balls you hung from
wouldn't give a fuck what part of the country you come from
i'm snoop dogg, i'm smooth and imperial
i wake up every morning to my lucky charms cereal
times get drastic, yeah i'm a classic
dogg pound gangsta chokin off that boombastic
now put my verse on the first one-beat the herds come
so be careful cause my rap will make you eat your words son
(word to god) scratch i?  who the hardest to match (i)
bright rewrite your still garbage to patch
haven't you heard?  i'm loose, shook the feds like the juice
snoop dogg is a hundred-and-twenty-first proof
fool usea deuce-deuce of some genuine, draft
i'm genuine, like vinny's whinin all about cash
cash, cash, so indeed i got the weed
and keep the lighter for the hash, has it,
ever been a time when you didn't have a dime
and the only way to get it was to go and do a crime?
many underclothes hangin on the hoes
since (snoop, slick rick) crushed anyone opposed
lot of ladies - pop cristal, toast to all those
like (kid capri) helpin to unify both coasts
i'm shredding your temple, none, 'head of the emperor
washed up, gang member?  better remember
i wipe my feet upon a rapper like a doormat
i hit em -- where they sit around actin hardcore at
thank god for the guardians - in light of this
rappers always beg for me to show them who the mighty is
gats gonna limp, snaps on a kid
that always wanna start rappin (boy they're not gonna win)
and wanna dash at lethal or evil
could a king bring style and class to black people?
stick a whole log in and he buggin
cause i - represent self, with my man snoop dogg and them
i drop a pile of semen on em
even in a yugo i could take they woman from em
i make the hardest chew the kewl of this
kid capri, know the part of peasant, who the ruler is?
i'm twenty-six.. still in the mix
my hair gettin longer, my game gettin stronger
a nigga been on one, i thank god
cause life in the city of stars is gettin hard
and it's odd, for a g to get a job
so i'd rather steal and rob, and mob with my squad
my homie used to bang, now we follow farrakhan
used to read the source
now all he read is the holy qu'ran
time brings change and change brings time
listen to me hit you with this gangbang rhyme
nigga, whattup, who up, you up!
doggy dogg is on the mic
i'm here to fuck it izzzup
i give it to y'all, like you really got to have it
dogg pound gangstaz, boy this shit is gettin tragic
but i'ma make me a grip and dip quick
and fuck with my nigga kid capri on this g shit
dial tail and bail with my nigga slick rick-y
and all you niggaz talkin bullshit can just miss me
can't twist me, you fuckin paper haters
i'm dippin in my nine-eight gold navigator
i'm dippin like a lo-lo
bouncin, smokin ounces, fo' sho' doe