"2 young 4 what" lyrics
mc lyte lyrics
"2 young 4 what"
"i'm the dopest female.."
"i'm the dopest female that you've heard thus far.."
i'm too old?  what's with that crap?
come on now brother, age is just a number
anyway what matters is your state of mind
and if you give me some time i'll make your heart all mine
i don't like pushin and i don't like rushin
but most of all i don't like fussin
so come on now sweetie why don't ya stop frontin
besides older folks come equipped for good lovin
are you really serious? age really matters?
i thought telling you this, you would be flattered
well i guess i was wrong cause you still ain't widdit
..oh well, forget it, nope nope
but don't you dare touch me, you said you wasn't widdit
you waited too long now, lyte is not havin it
i coulda showed you things, taught you how to explore
my question is, what are you too young for?
i coulda shown you things that you never seen before
took you all around on my wild world tour
but you're too young, too young to have fun
..oh well, i'm done
"i'm the dopest female.."
"i'm the dopest female that you've heard thus far.."
..
"i'm the dopest female that you've heard thus far.."
it may sound nasty and it may sound mean
but i'm into little boys that are about seventeen
i don't know why, but they put up a fight
and hot damn that excites the mc lyte
cause yo i love a young buck, that give a firm {fuck}
but once in a while, they become lovestruck
but that's okay though, cause i can handle them
i love young boys on the brink, of being young men
i mold em, shape em, make em then i break em in
they get the job done, i make em get the job done
well, swell, make em kiss and tell
all of their friends around the neighborhood
that lyte is good, soul food good
so tell me honey, are you ready to score?
again i'll ask, what are you too young for?
"i'm the dopest female.."
"i'm the dopest female.."
..
"i'm the dopest female that you've heard thus far.."
"i'm the dopest female that you've heard thus far.."
last but not least yo here's a description
hard workin, not one that sells prescription
so if you're in school, that's okay
get straight a's and i'll be back on friday
you won't miss me, you know where to find me
and these words i will say finally
never let age, restrict you from whatcha wanna do
whether you're young or ninety-two
so if you're seventeen or around that age..
..baby come to the stage
and if i didn't change your mind i'd find that odd
so when i ask this, think hard..
"call me the master.."
"call me the master.."
"swingin with master t.."