"all that" lyrics
mc lyte lyrics
"all that"
there's a song.. that i sing.. whenever i'm sad.. feelin bad
it was a date, a simple little fuckin date
or so i thought, wasn't that my great mistake
he picked me up at eight, from my crib
we went to dinner and he ordered babyback ribs
what a waste, a waste of the mind and body
and then he said, "lyte, would you like to go and party?"
i thought about it, and then i said, "no!
pay for my food motherfucker and let's go!"
he said, "my, aren't we agressive.."
damn right, and i'm also perceptive
i know your kind, you roam around the fuckin town
you wanna slap it, flip it, and rub it down
you want some booty but you're gettin none this way
you better ask suzy sally or that girl fay
you gets none, you hear me you cheesy rat?
because i'm lyte, and i'm havin none of that
i'm all that, yes i'm all that
you ask how?  i'm all that now
i'm all of that, yes i'm all that
and rollin through your hood with a baseball bat
first i head out, into the red-eyed
turn the ac, so it feels cool inside
step in the jam, baring good news
although for some folks, i bring the blues
always solo, no relyin on a posse
i see what you see, do you see what i see?
i see suckers, many pucker-uppers
ass-kissers, as well as buttlickers
many many that will do me good and plenty
don't know me from adam, but wanna get with me
claimin they will do or have done or have did me
talkin that yang, your ass'll get slapped
because i'm lyte and i'm havin none of that
that!! that!!
aiyyo milk, aiyyo milk, this is teddy b
yo i just checked out lyte's new cut (that!! that!!)
and yo it's all that, all that
yo i get with you, peace!
back, way back when, shit wasn't funny
i'm talkin l-q days, your gold and your money
if you wore gold, the shit was gettin taken
hard rocks, don't even bother fakin
cause they can sense a sucker as soon as they saw ya
and oh well, how i felt sorry for the
razor in my pocket, for my protection
blackjack in my bag for a little selection
you got beef?  bitch, chose your weapon
i sliced and diced, and then i kept steppin
for me to go for that woulda just been wack
because i'm lyte, and i'm havin none of that
(that!! that!!)
yo yo, yo lyte, you there?
(that!! that!!)
alright i just called to see if you was still shittin on wax
yo and don't make that shit soft alright?
yo pump it up
alright when you get in just give me a buzz