"big bad sister" lyrics
mc lyte lyrics
"big bad sister"
ahhh yeah
brooklyn's in the house, so come on now
brooklyn's in the house
yo, staten island is in the house
staten island is in the house
and let me hear you say queens is in the house
come on now, queens is in the house
long island is in the house, say what?
long island is in the house, yeah
the bronx, is in the house, uhh
the bronx is in the house let me hear you say
uptown's in the house one time
uptown's in the house
well they're falling falling but i can catch them
i just toot the whistle and you go fetch them
bring them back into the real rap attack
set the soft silly stuff back on the rack
45 (yeah baby) 45 (yeahhh)
tell the silly mothers that we don't give a..
i'm not a psychic, but you can tell your sidekick
in ninety-one, lyte is kickin some fly..
take it from me, or could you really take it?
and if you got away with it, would you really make it
in the world of hip-hop, frontin like you're me?
c'mon now hobbes, that i could never see
so just step aside, and feel it tonight
cause comin to a store near you is mc lyte
"who's that bad?"
i'm bigger than bolo, see i go solo
broader than broad, see how i soared
the big bad sister from around your way
i'm not tall but i'm small don't matter what i weigh
i kick the copacetic rhyme from the down to earth mind
i get hip with the hop i'm the tip from the top
i go all out, you never see me fall out
although you hear me yell out, you never see me sellout ("no!!")
because my rhyme's about a profit, no one can stop the one
funky lyrics synced with mc lyte cause i be droppin it
the name the lyte because my skin i'm blacker than black
comin right and exact, for the rap attack
some say they don't like the words i choose to use
i don't give a damn, lyte will never lose
i ain't no sucka and i ain't into pleasin
some critic that criticizes me for no reason
what's with the opinion it's a stated fact
i rule the pack, from the top of the stack
so fuck the stocks and bonds i'm your new investment
pick up the album it's quite a refreshment
compared to the day to day bullshit you hear
pay attention and listen i'm comin clear to the ear
for all you non-believers, and you perpetrators
that talk to me now but talk about me later
it's time for you to grieve, grovel in your sorrow
i'm the star of today and the star of tomorrow
i'm takin out the old jacks, rippin up the new ones
i don't care if it means i have to ruin
i will and i shall and i get the job completed
those that don't belong they will be deleted
from the rap roster, i'm not an impostor
i'm comin to you live with the 45
straight from the studio with a view..
.. in new york city
"i love it!"
.. i'm out
"i love it!" "dj" back and forth