"credit is due" lyrics
gang starr lyrics
"credit is due"
now i'm about to get funky.. to somethin that premier plays
funky.. we gonna do it this way
i'm gettin funky.. to somethin that premier plays
i'm the guru and we'll do it this way
now give the credit.. where it is due
give the credit y'all.. where it's due
now give the credit.. where it is due
give the credit y'all.. where it's due
i'm heated up, cause i'm seein folks that are so phony
they didn't know me when i was broke and i was lonely
only a few came to check me, so they come first..
.. and yo our people come next g
we'd go to a club, the milky way or the payday
the outlaw spots, where the music was real hot
and you wasn't there, when the underrated, real mc's
came equipped.. and used to kick slick lyrics
all live, without no lipsync
to a dope crate, building skills from instinct
i'm tired of people, gettin all excited
i'm not trippin on just a thing, but i'm delighted
to let you know, that some others be flim-flammin
i'll let you know, that all this time, we been jammin
so give up the props hobbes, jealousy's a flaw
if the next man deserves it, earns it, it should be law
so let him pass right through
because you got to give the credit y'all where it is due
you know you got to give the credit.. where it is due
give the credit y'all.. where it's due
give the credit.. where it is due
give the credit y'all.. where it's due
some of the dopest mc's don't really get enough light
cause their record companies don't really market them right
most of the people signin acts, they ain't from the street
cause yo they come from the sweet..
.. soft section of town
while they be sweatin and pretendin that they know a real rap sound
but i know some guys, and some ladies, that can fill those spots mate
to promote the real greats
and educate, and get it straight
and mobilizin the imitators, exposin the explosive core
i hope to explore
galaxies of remedies for your wack rap sickness
as i convey relay, mack rap quickness
in this business, i witness trickyness
some mc's are into stickyness
but i'm sayin this, from experience, i'm furious
i didn't get this far overnight, and there's nothin like
the real thing, the real swing right?  (real swing right?)
( "on and on..") i'm takin things that are true
so won't you give the credit y'all where it is due
so yo i'm fed, cause people like to talk too much
they're misled, and yo they like to sqwak too much
but let me tell you baby you can't front on this
twenty-four track mix, with the deep-ass kick
the objective, is to surely demolish
the chances of the wack takin all the dollars
support the brothers who are truly gifted
this way, the odds, could never be shifted
like my man, you know he works real hard
he's good at what he does and now he lives real large
so why envy him, or anyone in his crew
just sit back and give the credit y'all where it is due
give the credit.. where it's due
give the credit y'all.. where it is due
give the credit.. where it's due
just give the credit y'all.. where it is due