"rite where u stand" lyrics
gang starr lyrics
"rite where u stand"
(feat. jadakiss)
"wh-wh-wh-what can i say? let me explain this to you..."
yo, i don't even wanna fight with you man
i'll lay you right where you stand
you can catch a few shells
one go right through your polo, man
usually i'm dolo and i gotta crazy team
car kissed the ride on you, watch for the laserbeam
shit, it's that ol' g flavor
remind you of a quarter bodega and that oldie behavior
all point but i ain't tryna scuffle with chumps
my long joints got the culture power plus the double pump
troublesome, to anyone who stands in the way
i'll stand and i'll spray, fuck if ya man is in the way
your girl want me cuz i do it better than you
the whole world wants me nigga, i'ma legend to you
like ll, rakim, ice-t and them niggaz
like cube, snoop and dre, i'ma be seenin them figures
it don't matter, you don't have to be likin me man
keep playin, you'll be layin there, right where you stand
gun on my waist, knife in my hand
i keep tellin you cowards, i'ma leave you there right where you stand
i don't wanna talk and i ain't tryna wanna fight with ya man
tryna get it over quick, leave you right where you stand
some say i'm trifflin, sometimes i'm rightfully am
but i don't give a fuck, i'ma leave you right where you stand
you just mad, you will never be as nice as i am
d-block, gangstarr leave you right where you stand, what
you wanna know why i invest all my money into haze and into dope
cuz right now, i'm currently a slave for interscope
respect first, then money - basic shit
if you got niggaz under pressure, you could take they shit
listen, i'ma leave you right where you stand
have the ambulance pass ya timberlands off right to ya man
cuz he pussy, he ain't gonna do nothin but look
when it come to beef, he don't wanna do nothing but cook
as soon as the chrome scope him, right there, two in the dome
smokin, kiss keep funeral homes open
i fall back, smoke an ounce in the dark
bounce on a preme track like i bounce on a narc
keep playin, y'all niggaz will burn
and you know they say it takes somethin to happen for niggaz to learn
let the .40 cal give em a perm
this industry is like bacteria and my flow is a germ
just mad cuz you'll never be as nice as i am
j to the mwah and i'll leave you right where you stand, huh...
"you gangstas is cosmetic..."
"keep playin, you'll be layin there, right where you stand..."
"my people from the hood stay on the grind..."
"d-block, gangstarr leave you right where you stand, what..."
"you gangstas is cosmetic..."
"w-w-w-w-w-word..."
i see you got the fear of god in you
we'll tear your heart in two
too bad you didn't know what you got into
yeah, the most righteous, till malcolm got a close likeness
my name carry weight to capitate most vipers
hot rhymes, spit a dime, hit a case beater
flow is angry like i'm in your face with heaters
chasin divas - nah, i don't ever have to do that
p.i. till i die and i laugh at you cats
you happy perhaps cuz you got dough and bitches
but no love from streets only for moles and snitches
only from the meatlapin, suckers won't see it happen
cross that line, then it's time for the heat clappin
i do my thing like the whole planet depends on me
i got game to make janet wanna spend on me
some say i'm trifflin and sometimes i'm rightfully am
getcha man, i'll lay him right where he stand