"just don't bite it" lyrics
n.w.a. lyrics
"just don't bite it"
god damn, now lick my balls, oh shit.
you like that?
put 'em off
it's good?
ouch, shit, godamn bitch you bit' my damn
shit i said suck the mothafucka, you're bitin' it, shit!
has this ever happend to you?
does her teeth get in the way while she's sucking your dick?
does she know how to suck a dick?
well, i had that same problem until my bitch went out and buy
nwa's new book entitled "the art of sucking dick."
lesson 1 - first you grab the dick
next you gently lick it up and down, then insert it into the mouth
take it slow, don't rush it, and before you know it ..
splash!
it goes one for the treble, two for the bass
she got nut all over her face
kick kick it ...
slow is the tempo, and ren is gonna flow
as i produce and illustrate you to a ho'
cought on the late night, stampin' on the base-pipe
she's a hype to get you on the late flight
but back in school she was a cutie, yo
then after graduation started givin' up the booty
in school, stuck her head in a feather
every time i asked her what's the time
it was never ever what she would talk to the ren i'm sayin'
i wanted a date, she would'nt even be my friend
but now in the 1990's, i'd be praying that the bitch don't find me
cuz she's got a gang o' kidz nappy-heads and all dirty
and she's gettin pimped by a nigga that's thirty
i saw her hangin' in the alley
raggin to her friends how she's ho'in' in de valley
all by herself, doin' on the hoe stroll
comin back home late night with the bankroll
you know a bitch like that makes me sick
but i've heard that she sucks a good dick
it's the world's biggest dick
don't matter just don't bite it
it's the world's biggest dick
don't matter just don't bite it
"what do you want me to do with it?"
don't matter just don't bite it
she swallowed it
at a high school dance -
me and the niggaz bailed in
i saw her sittin' with her friends, with the clan,
so sexy, thought she was all that
she would'nt even look it up because we wore the black hat
she was a stuck-up bitch on the public floor
but an instant prostitute behind closed doorz
on the streets she's a late night feature - walkin home from school
i saw her suckin a niggaz dick, under the bleacher
she saw me and she ran and tried to hide her face
but a bitch full of nut could'nt escape in the chase
a disgrace, if i ever ever saw her
there was'nt a nigga on the block
late at night not gettin' done
so she begged me not to tell a soul
then i said of course
cause my dick yo it's harder than a totem pole
then again it don't concern me
cuz there's a slight chance if i fuck she might burn me
and then i might have to shoot de ho'
i mean checkin' with de quickness just to let her know
but to prevent from gettin' sick -
i would just prefer to let her come and suck my dick
it's the world's biggest dick
don't matter just don't bite it
it's the world's biggest dick
don't matter just don't bite it
but does she suck a good dick?
don't matter just don't bite it
she swallowed it
now i was at a club on a late late sunday
peepin' at the bitches 'till the next day monday
had a couple of drinks, so i was feeling good
and suddenly i saw this bitch who lives in my neighborhood
she went to church every week so now i locked her
she was at the end of the bar gettin' fucked up
back at the house she was bitch n' be ignorin
and when she start to talk the ho' was kinda borin
yo, but now i got to dawn, see
now she's dancin' on the floor with a skirt and no panties on
shakin' that ass like a salt shaker
i already got my plans -
just while i'm a take her to a room
but yo i mean a rest room
and stick my dick in her mouth like a wet broom
so i grabbed her hand and she's with it
oh and when she turned sobber should'nt have had admit it
so while she's dropped i'd better get it quick
and see for myself if she sucks a good dick ..
it's the world's biggest dick
don't matter just don't bite it
it's the world's biggest dick
don't matter just don't bite it
"what do you want me to do with it?"
don't matter just don't bite it
lick de big dick, baby, i wanna fuck this one
it's the world's biggest dick
don't matter just don't bite it
it's the world's biggest dick
don't matter just don't bite it
but does she suck a good dick?
don't matter just don't bite it
she swallowed it
"so there you have it - a job well done,
but for now let me get back to what i was doing"
she swallowed it .. she swallowed it ..
get it all baby, suck this dick, suck this dick for daddy
suck this diiiiiick
oh, she swallowed it .. get it all, suck this dick for daddy ..
hey mothafuck, i want you to suck dre's dick,
then i want you to suck yella dick
you already sucked ren's dick ..
you boyz are disgusting!
just suck my dick bitch