"quiet on tha set" lyrics
n.w.a. lyrics
"quiet on tha set"
(listen to this)
yo ren !
whassup ?
take (one)
yo (hit it)
ruthless, plenty of that and much more
so at the party, ren is controllin the floor
that you step and do your danceroutine
it ain't a dream my man, you're in a gangsta scene
with a villain doin damage on a 24 track
with confusion to finish my conclusion
arhytomatic rhymes from a radio cat
you can't take what i got coz i'll be takin it right back
cold killin
you wanna know what it's means ? (definition...villain)
with the stupid dope rhyme
so once you hear one line you can tell it's mine
with a baseball cap that's black that i'm wearin
and a look that keeps you all starin
and wondering why i'm invincible
but when you hear my rhyme, it's convincible
i don't take no shorts while i'm constructin the ground
that makes y'all move around to my hell of a sound
girls drool on me like a dyin
(yo ren, tell'em what they do when you start rhymin)
i go to the party. i hip a hop the spot
i dunno what it is, but the girls get hot
aspirin like they're on fire and
their so-called boyfriends with'em are retirin
and for this reason i'm a walkin threath
so when i'm on stage i want...(ssssht)
quiet on tha set
(light, camera, action)
n.w.a. take (two)
now to get started with my musical profession
a gangsta or villain in mine is in session
the way that i'm referrin to this makes ya move ya butt
but don't stand in a daze, yeah you should know what's up
anyway i keep the clappin along
coz nothing bad could go wrong because this song is so strong
who could ask for anything more
when n.w.a. is cold rockin the floor
like stupid, actin like a retard
waitin for a bumrush, gettin to the good part
it tips me so with temptation
writin my lyrics with this hyped information
just look at the center of the stage where the spotlight shines
it's mine !
unpredictable, keepin you extremely enjoyed
it's irresistable, meanin that you can't avoid
and while i'm on stage, look forward to sweat
but after i rip it up i want...(ssssht)
quiet on tha set
(light, camera, action)
n.w.a. take (three)
i can be loud as hell, think i will ? (never)
(ssssht)
(quiet on tha set)
yeah i like that better
(?? huh ?? as what i can do ??) i think i earn respect
and if i didn't from you, that's what i expect
coz if it ain't ruff it ain't me
so who really cares how you want me to be
see, i'm just me standin at the top of the pile
and doin soft known tunes it ain't my style
and this concludes our program
of how n.w.a. makes a ruthless jam
now first we take an average drum
give it to dre, and the boy gets dumb
it's no secret, that i sit alone at night
pick up a pad and pen and begin to write
all kinda lyrics that's promised to play
to make everybody say:
(they can be cold and ruthless no question about that,
but sometimes it's more complicated...)
yo dre (you know what i want you to do ?)
bring that beat back, bring that beat back
now mc ren is here workin like super glue
no matter what i do, i'm always thinkin o' you
coz i'm the pusher, supplyin the fix
and this jam's so dope, it don't need a remix
but i'm makin obstacles of enemy traps
to catch any mc's with the weak-ass raps
crucifyin their  like just for usin my name
the definition is pain, but that's the thing o' the game
if they try to retreat, i catch'em one at a time
coz they're comittin a crime, and still promotin a rhyme
so, you're in the back of me just listen and learn
because you'll all get a chance or maybe a turn
now my sideman wants to give a preview
so at my next concert i wanna see you
there not sittin in a chair
standin on yo feet, with yo hand in the air
now i'm about to get out but i'll be back
but next time expect the more funkier track
deep down for your enjoyment to hear more percussion
with lyrics that's smooth to start some discussion
the beat that i'm  and you know that's bad
now continue to dance coz i'm thru with tha set