"a star is born" lyrics
jay-z lyrics
"a star is born"
(feat. j. cole)
everyday a star is born!!!!
(clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, hey!!!!)
everyday a star is born!!!!
(clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, hey!!!!)
i seen mase do it, i seen 'ye do it
x came through, caught lighter fluid
still i came through it, clap for 'em
but i'm the blueprint, i'm like the map for 'em
i dropped another classic, made puff pass it,
nobody could touch puff back when puff had it
wayne scorchin, i'll applaud him
if he keep goin, pass the torch to him
50 came through, like hurricanes do
i thought i finished his ass at summerjam two
i had the illmatic, on bootleg
the shit was so ahead, thought we was all dead
wayne did a milli, 50 did a milli
'ye too but what em did was silly
the white boy blossomed after dre endorsed him
his flow on "renegade," fuckin awesome, applaud him
everyday a star is born!!!!
(clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, hey!!!!)
everyday a star is born!!!!
(clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, hey!!!!)
hey, snoop dogg did, nelly came down
facemob kept the ghetto for the h-town
luda moved digits after he moved bitches
drake's up next, see what he do wit it
rule had a run, couple movie parts
t.i. literally wanted to shoot up the charts
waddup jeezy? what it do
ya remind me of us in early '92
outkast landed, 3 thou' was ill
like a male version, of lauryn hill
mobb deep (shook) it, but prodigy took it
a lil' too far, can't fuck wit brooklyn
wu-tang gangbanged it, meth ate
rae took on the date with the purp' tape
passed on to ason and then ghostface
they had a hell of a run, standing ova- aaaaaaaay!
everyday a star is born!!!!
(clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, hey!!!!)
everyday a star is born!!!!
(clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, hey!!!!)
and i am one, of one
can't you see just how long my run?
my rain knew {?} sun-shine
been a star since i was back in one, time
one time give it up for him
december 4th, a star was born
clap for him, he went from movin that corner
to, this corner office, so enormous
heeeeeeeey! pres carter
watchin her get her monica on all day
heeeeeeeey!
...got so many different monicas, but only one jay
they come, they go
some real, some faux
some friends, some hoes
but no i, goes nowhere, it's hov
everyday a star is born!!!!
(clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, hey!!!!)
everyday a star is born!!!!
(clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, hey!!!!)
and could i be a star?
does fame in this game have to change who you are?
or could i be the same one who came from a far away life
just to make it in this broadway lights
now i'm shinin in the broad, day-light - go figure
a slow transition from a lil' broke nigga from the 'ville
got a deal, a real life saver
dreams of being behind the wheel like, jada
i chill now, cop a lil' ice later
cole, you got a glow like a lil' lightsaber
so, clap for him, then applaud hov
he gave 'em a platform
flow so sick thought he wrote the rap for him - no sir
the flow cold as a shoulder of a gold diggin hoes
when a broke nigga 'proaches
told ya i'm focused man, i'll let you muh'fuckers soak it in
clap for him