"hola' hovito" lyrics
jay-z lyrics
"hola' hovito"
(j) uhh (a) uh-uh (y) uh uh-uh
ah ch-ch ah, ch-ah, ah uh-uh
ah ch-ch ah, ch-ah, ah uh-uh
it's that hop i'm talkin bout right here timbo!
i can't be stopped when it hop like this family, uhh!
(uno, dos, tres, cuatro!)
they say hola' hovito
that's what they sayin when i roll up with my people
my music bangin like - them vatos locos got rap in a chokehold
and i won't surrender it with, beats by timbaland
calle de la boca, my baby
all i wanna, do is, stroke ya all crazy
my, dick game is vicious, insane at bitches
mami keep comin back cause mami came vicious
catch hov' in the drop, nasty thang lane switchin
once you turn your neck for a sec your dame's missin
bujando, bujando, the cops is comin
got that rap patrol behind yo, get to runnin
i'm unstoppable hov', untoppable flows
i'm the compadre, the sinatra of my day
ol' blue eyes my nigga, i did it my way
if y'all not rollin with hov' then hit the highway
(hola' hovito!) yeah, yeah (hola' hovito!)
yeah that's what they sayin when that music get to bangin
put it down for my peo-ple!
(hola' hovito! hola' hovito!)
yeah that's what they sayin when that music get to bangin
put it down for my peo-ple!
yeah, yeah, yeah
yeah naw i don't fuck around, stay on my j.o.
hov' been about that dough since i was a day old
oh, push perrico if i need to for the rule of evil
was born in the belly that's the way the streets breed you
one life to live - notice you get no sequel
so i truly got to live this like my last movie
six oohie, jewels drippin, big toolie
i ball for real, y'all niggaz is sam bouie
and with the third pick - i made the earth sick
m.j., hem jay, fade away perfect
i rhyme sicker than every rhyme spitter
every crime nigga that rhyme or touch a mic because my mind's quicker
i'm a eighty-eighter, nine-six to "reasonable doubt"
temper short, don't take much to squeeze you out
yeah you shinin but the only thing you're leavin out
you're a candle in the sun - that shit don't even out
hold up; naw muh'fuckers - y'all muh'fuckers
better run to the post office and get a job muh'fuckers
a starve muh'fuckers, cause jay's been the only one
eatin thus far sub-par muh'fuckers
naw even though y'all hate i love y'all muh'fuckers
"friend or foe," y'all all my muh'fuckers
if you haven't heard, i'm michael magic and bird
all rolled in one - cause none got more flows than young
plus got more flows to come
and if i ain't better than big, i'm the closest one
so move over - hoes, choose hova
my food for though so hot it give you dudes ulcers
rovers, roasters, poseurs
gettin it in with me, livin like they supposed tah
watches, chain, front row at the game
sold out arena, all screamin my name, c'mon