"boy meets girl" lyrics
scarface lyrics
"boy meets girl"
yo, this kid was raised to hustle, all he ever known was truble. his mama never kept a job his daddy die in struggle. he had a sister cute as fuck that liked this older cat. that had control over the hood, but never sold a pack. the family needing money, asking him if he get fronted. he wants to learn the game, cause being broke aint feed em nothing. they met and taught em, and one more thing before we finish. you don't know me i don't know you thats how we'll start and end it. from there he's off and running,taught em how to save his money. never let on meet the other, don't meet paper bleed and run it. you'll learn the basic rules, don't sell this to kids or fools. and don't you try it either, honor that and all is cool. now he a baller dude, strippin hoes are callin dude. addicted to the boy, shootin up and snorting too.
boy meets girl, and falls in love..in this world of hate and war.. girl meets boy, and falls in love. so let stay together, play together days forever babe.
ok, a deeper subject,titty dances seen in public. daytime she's off in school. trying to get a degree in something. she beautiful, after all that she's been thru. i heard he father used to rape the girl and beat her too. a man a wife a kid, a car dog and crib. the perfect world if you was outside,you was looking in. some how she got the blame. kicked her out the house in rain. began to fall and no one ever thought she'd be the same. her hate for men was evadent, but it was prevalant. cause where she worked had dudes that always asked her, to come home with them. ain't look for love but fell in love inside a topless club. she met a thug, that had the drug, and that was all it was.
boy meets girl, and falls in love..in this world of hate and war.. girl meets boy, and falls in love. so let stay together, play together days forever babe.
this match was made in heaven, girl meets boy and stays together. a feeling never known to either, this could be forever. addiction follows, so in love that all the leaves are hollow. plus nothing else exhists. speed ball and the needle swallow. a mix of different worlds, i know you thought when boy met girl. ment this meant no regrets, but romeo let juliet. say those words that made him think that it was cool to try. but you know you don't get high, on what you supply. and herion's next to kin ain't a bag of coke. but when her world met up with his they both was comatosed. a tragic ending, to a couple, that was oh so close. stopped short a happiness, cause they combined and overdosed..