"forgot about me" lyrics
scarface lyrics
"forgot about me"
(feat. lil wayne, bun b)
"i know they miss yoooooou..." -
it seems like every-body, everybody, everybody
everybody forgotten about me..
will i ever, ever, ever, be free?
huh, uh, huh?
just when they thought it was safe
i picked up the phone and called it a day
i bought a new car, caught a new case - fuck it
the harder i walk, the ground shall shake
stompin, the harder i march, the ground will break
i am, groundbreakin, like an earthquake, heh-heh
yeah, i run this shit, but i'll tackle it
you want me to break it down, i'ma fracture it
my mind is wanderin, i can't find it
but ten times outta ten, my mind on the mon-ey
bandana around my head like i know karate
and i'll wax a nigga's ass like mister miyagi
and it ain't over 'til the fat lady sang
and that bitch got a whole lot more weight to gain
and call me by my new name
(...what is that?) featuring lil wayne
"it seems like every-body, everybody, everybody
everybody forgotten about me..
will i ever, ever, ever, be free?
huh, uh, huh"
(my nigga, featuring lil wayne..
came here to fuck with me tonight, shwaty)
i am as, real as they come as hard as they get
they go to talkin off the wall i put a par' in they shit
i'm the o-riginal gangsta, i'll tell you how i do it
i take niggaz from the jump when they step to me with that bullshit
i am a fool, bitch, a native h-town from the south side of houston
you're tuned to the sounds of a nigga, who don't give a fuck
'casue one way or the other
i'm gon' still get mine, play the game, motherfucker
the truth is in the building and i came tonight
and i done sold so many records, change my name to life
'cause i can breathe into the hood, make it feel my pain
and even though they try to change me, i remain the same
and even if i did have that chrome-plated grill on my shit
i come from out the motherfuckin bricks
now, never forget, where i come from, son
i'm respected in these motherfuckin streets i run
i'm face
"it seems like every-body, everybody, everybody
everybody forgotten about me..
will i ever, ever, ever, be free?
huh, uh, huh"
(my, nigga)
it's bun b, the nigga mr. swisher, and mr. flows
mr. brick, mr. killer grams nigga, mr. 'bows
mr. slab, mr. candy paint, nigga mr. dough
and mr. eighty-fo', hatin hoe, we think yo' sister know
when i hits the do', motherfuckers drop and kiss the flo'
light bulb flow, i glass shatter, transistors blow
i'm the shit fo' sho! roll wit it, bitch or {?} worm
i'm hot in this heat, a head shot'll keep your perm burned
it's my turn, i earn stripes and paid dues so
don't be surprised if i'm in a trap or own a new show
i don't try snitch, sneak diss or even backdo'
balla block, a short stop or drop down in fat, hoe
(what!) i don't keep it a hunnid (huh), i keep it a thousand
i'm hood, so i rep the hood, direct from the public housing
(manye!) i got it crunk like obama in a 'fesco
nuttin less than the best, hoe
nigga, let's go it's u..
"it seems like every-body, everybody, everybody (muthafuckin g..)
everybody forgotten about me.. (k, fo' life!)
will i ever, ever, ever, be free? (long live the pimp!)
huh, uh, huh"