"look me in my eyes" lyrics
scarface lyrics
"look me in my eyes"
look me in my eyes, tell me what you see
do you think i'm cra-zy??? (aaaaaghhh!! just bein me)
sometimes i wanna die, maybe i'll be free
free from all this bullshit that's constantly surroundin me
(i can feel it in my head) i see when i'm asleep
i don't wish to discustin, cause it done been too deep
i'm tired of bein' stepped on, and past around like weed
look me in my eyes (look me in my eyes)
and tell me what you see (and tell me what you see)
can you see my future, and what lies down the line?
is it just my test, or is it just my time?
time for me to pay, for all the wrong i've did
i forgot to be picked off, when i was just a kid
a poison in my mind, tryin to find relief
but i can't get no peace, cause shoemaukers been chasin me
tryin' to set me up, bustin down my streets
blockin' up my door, to see if he can catch me
but i don't sell no dope, so fuck what niggas say
fuck ronnie carbone(?), and fuck the d.e.a.
and fuck these undercovers, that lock me up for weed
you can search me all you want to, but you won't find no cheese
and i ain't finna snitch, cause i don't know a thang
don't ask me shit bout steve, don't ask me shit bout jane
i know you crackrs pissed off, i can see it in your eyes
i'm down with rap-a-lot, until the day that i die
(until the day that i die)
so fuck you in ya asses, you know it's all a lie
you just wanna destroy me, just like you did my guy
but now i must expose you, and tell my boys the truth
listen up my niggaz: "the f.b.i. been watchin' you"
especially if you black, and tryin to leave the streets
and get off in this music, you see the way they doin me
runnin in my crib, makin niggaz lie
nigga get a scapegoat and take this 25
you know i ain't no dopeboy, ain't never been a mule
i admit i use to sell rocks, but that was back in school
now i just do music, and smoke a little weed
but not enough to run a dope house, so why you fuck with me?
look me in my eyes!
will you look in my eyes, and tell me do you see what i see? (my eyes!)
will you look in my eyes, and tell me do you see a geeeeeeeee?
look me in my eyes, i've told all i could tell you
and now you know too much, if you leak a word i'll kill you
you think that i'm insane, partially deranged?
you've had your chance to pick my brain, now explain
what's up with all these nightmares, this long rewinding road
that leads me to the same place i started from;
right before i left home
(look me in my eyes!) i thought you was a shrink
diagnosed my symptons, i give you time to think
ok your time is up, now analyze my life
please remove your glasses, look me in my eyes
(look me in my eyes, my eyes)
you seemed to be confused, i raised up off his sofa
put back on my shoes, because this sessions over
i headed for the door, he stopped me in my tracks
he said he had an answer, he told me to come back
he spoke the book of matthew then he spoke the book of luke
but he stopped at revelations, when he just spoke the truth
and told me all my answers, i would find in his book
if i just stopped and looked, if i just stopped and looked
told me to seek in he who seeks he shall find
then he put back on his glasses, and looked me in my eyes
looked me in my eyes