"skrilla" lyrics
scarface lyrics
"skrilla"
(feat. facemob)
skrillaaaaaaaaaa
skrillaaaaaaaaaa
skrillaaaaaaaaaa
skrillaaaaaaaaaa
thinkin bout money, money, money, plottin how to get me some
(the fast dough) cos see don't nothin move but the flow, really doe
i kid you not, i'm real with dis
havin skrilla is the only way to deal with this
if it ain't green, it ain't me, that's no goddamn lie
well show me big skrill and i will get live
give up the loochie, i need it in a major way
now gimme all (all), i gots ta have it (everyday)
it's my world, the only mom, i'm stressed, that'll make you
break you, if it's really real then i'll take you
shake you for the dollar bill let's see
you're outta here (smoked on the fuckin concrete)
skrillaaaaaaaaaa - got me crazy, skrilla got me gone
skrillaaaaaaaaaa - got me flippin new cadillac chromes
skrillaaaaaaaaaa - got me crazy, skrilla got me mad
cos skrilla gives me from riches to rags (motherfucker)
it ain't nuttin but the cash flow game
how long can you last 'fore you're down to your very last change, nigga?
(money makes the world go round) tell em again y'all
(money makes the world go round) (my god)
forty, fifty grand a night, that's what i'm seein
as i'ma vin your own ass tonight, you know the meanin
of a worldwide national? big money gripper
baller, called a, million dollar nigga
(uhh, who me?) yes you (could be, but who?)
uhh, 350 bringin on in the weeks news
and no i don't shoot, i swoop in my coupe
skrilla for realla my nigga, so whatcha wanna do?
do you want to fuck around with my crew? do you
want to? would do exactly what you did do
stay in you, don't have enough to attend to the menu
so come and let me single, continue (everybody sayin)
to make money money money, make money money money (yeah)
here go fat stacks if you can't take money nigga
take money money money, take money money money
so can you please make the cheque out to the facemob
check it
now one, two, three to the fo', like
rippin million dollars in my hand, tight
facemob rule number one thing (what?)
skrilla, nuttin but skrilla's the way to maintain
us both, have got to keep the skrill between
us fo', as we proceed to make mo'
really doe, from town to town we puts it down
as i, hold it down, game tight, right
now miss crabtree (crabtree), i know that you are mad at me
to find out that it was your money (money)
that i spent and now girl, it's all gone
(it's what?) it's all gone
it's gone like riches to rags, dishes to bags
of leftover ten and jam, can happen to any man
gots ta get money, money i gots ta get
this shit right now so i can hop on the lot
and we about to come up as we put the shit down
hold up, don't rush, cos i'm good ta gets mine
if it wadn't for bad, i'd have no up than luck
smokin plank of man, who gives a motherfuck!!!!
the bill collectors, they ring my phone
scam my wife when i'm not home
bitch i'm gone, tryin ta come back phat
facemob where ya at? (right behind ya and we strapped)
strapped with straps and all eyes on paper
and most importantly you keep your mind on papin
and you can have it all, if you can take your money pieces at a time
but you can't take your pieces outta mine
big wine, it's all about the dollar sign
i'm, flippin in the big dawg, continental flyin
tryin to stack it to the ceilin on you home's
cos bitches got me cummin but skrilla got me goin
skrillaaaaaaaaaa - got me crazy, skrilla got me goin
skrillaaaaaaaaaa - got me flippin new cadillac chromes
skrillaaaaaaaaaa - bought me houses, skrilla bought me clothes
skrilla got me flippin in a rolls