"warriors" lyrics
scarface lyrics
"warriors"
(warriors! come out to pla-a-a-y!)
i'm a warrior!
man i never run never snitch
i'm a grown man dog i ain't no bitch (a warrior!)
don't change cause he's rich
before i shit on my family i lie in a ditch
don't fold under pressure
you got a shell waitin in the hole if they test ya (a warrior!)
i'll sacrifice it all if he has ta
react and think about it after (i'ma warrior)
uh, you heard right mothafucka
my grandmama' daughter ain't raised no sucker
heart full of pride and a head full of anger
attitude of a winner infared for the danger
even the paranoya of a female'll change ya
waking up every morning laying next to a stranger
i'm on the move, smooth, with one eye out for the snakes
who can't stand hearin your name all throughout the states
tune into bet and watchin your video
pretending to be your friends but the smart ones really no, so
if that's your man warn him
'cause there's enough bullets in here to hit every nba patch on him
nigga ride 'til i die the song i sing
you ain't ready for the war i bring
you ain't gonna do a goddamn thing
and i ain't ever scared i'm a warrior!
man i never run never snitch
i'm a grown man dog i ain't no bitch (a warrior!)
don't change cause he's rich
before i shit on my family i lie in a ditch (a warrior!)
don't fold under pressure
you got a shell waitin in the hole if they test ya (a warrior!)
i'll sacrifice it all if he has ta
react and think about it after
i'm a warrior!
goddamn hoe here i go again
the double l o y d
here put on an i.v.
tryin ta try me
the new age ali
the black c.i.g.
resides beside me
as smooth as an isley
sometimes i surprise me
can't even id
as low as my eyes be
i roll with the gangstas don't get fly with your mouth
the wrong punchline'll have niggas inside of your house
nigga i'm doing good i made it out of the hood
i own beverly hills no more bottles or wood
this is it for that sticky
california should whip me
i done made it this far can't be mad if they hit me (shhiit)
nigga ride 'til i die the song i sing
you ain't ready for the war i bring
you ain't gonna do a goddamn thing
and i ain't ever scared i'm a warrior!