"I Love My Momma" lyrics






E-40 LYRICS




"I Love My Momma"
(feat. R.O.D. & Mic Conn)



[Intro] 
My mama man, she does errythang 
She's a superhero 

[Hook] 
Nobody like you, there's nobody else 
That I place above you 
That's why I dedicate this song to you 
I love you mama! 

[Verse 1] 
3 boys, 1 girl, no chumps 
I was the oldest, she carried me for 9 months 
Made her way out of no way with little money 
But somehow we always had clothes for Easter Sunday 
You always gave us our freedom, you never sheltered us 
That's why we ? to this day, ain't no pumkin us 
Worked 3 jobs all through the weekdays 
But still managed to make it out to my baseball games 
We didn't have much, but we was grateful 
Had a roof over our head and food on the table 
And to make ends meet and pay some bills 
We'd swallow our pride and have an old-school rummage sale 
If I talked back and got loud 
You'd say "boy I brought you into this world 
And I'll take your ass out!" 
It's a trip how history repeats itself, for real 
And the things you said to me now, I say that to my children 

[Hook] 
Nobody like you, there's nobody else 
That I place above you 
That's why I dedicate this song to you 
I love you mama! 

[Verse 2] 
Gotta love your mama, even if she crazy or away 
You could be gone tomorrow, but you're here today 
Every night before I go to bed I pray 
And ask the Lord to put the blood of Jesus 
Around my familay. The less-fortunate, the underprivileged 
Urban life, inner-city, single parent living 
Every Thanksgiving, you'd make our favorite dish: chips 
Macaroni and cheese, mustard greens, turkey and dressing 
And as far as sweets, can't nobody touch you 
When you'd make your famous banana nut bread and 7-Up cake 
I'm so happy mama, you learned how to text 
And smack me up the side when I don't visit 
Cache Creek Casino, Mother's Day I put you on the bus 
To go play Bingo. Talk about my mama, man? 
Probably shouldn't do that! 
My Mama would give you the shirt off her back 

[Hook] 
Nobody like you, there's nobody else 
That I place above you 
That's why I dedicate this song to you 
I love you mama! 

[Verse 3] 
My mama hip! My mama ain't no sap 
My mama listen to Al Green and she listen to rap 
When I was busy with my own hood drama 
She would jump in and tell them go get they mama 
True story. Real talk. You know your mama gon' have your back 
Even if you ? 
I'm just talking about the past 
If I didn't fight back, my mama would beat MY ass! 
So I'd rather see you than her 
Tears on my face, putting ? on your bro 
Bar none, taught me to be hard 
My god-sisteer Donna and her brother Bernard 
It's different from now, but back then 
We'd fight our best friends, next day they'd be back friends 
It's a trip how history repeats itself, for real 
And the things you said to me now, I say that to my children



