"Red Cup" lyrics






E-40 LYRICS




"Red Cup"
(feat. T-Pain, Kid Ink & B.o.B)



[Chorus 1: T-Pain]
Uhh, your boyfriend don't like me, I can't blame him
But why he tryna be just like me? It's kinda lame huh?
Huh, I don't wanna be your man, girl I'm just bein' honest
But what'chu got in your pants, got the whole club like damn

[Chorus 2: T-Pain]
Booty big enough, booty big enough (your booty, your booty)
Your booty big enough to put a red cup on it
Booty big enough, booty big enough (your booty, your booty)
Your booty big enough to put a red cup, cup, cup

[E-40:]
Old seaters (seaters)
Her booty bigger than a Prius (than a Prius)
Hella thick, she get it from her mother (from her mother)
Yellow bone and complexion is butter (butter)
Dime piece, two nickels (two nickels)
Nipples pokin' out like missiles (like missiles)
He don't make it rain he make it trickle (trickle)
Me I'm a hustler I make it triple (triple)
She a bad one, look at the way she switchin', the way she walk
I don't care if it's real, I don't care if it's bought
I don't discriminate darlin' you see I'm far from a racist
I like 'em Latin, caucasian and black, Arab and asian
How you get rid of the baby weight pretty girl? Your booty bodacious
You've been doin' your lunges and crunches and planks, all of the basics (uhh)
Tight jeans you can see her camel toe (ey!)
Slap that ass like I'm fin to domino - BOUNCE!!

[Chorus 1]

[Chorus 2]

[Kid Ink:]
Security!
Is, every bottle in my section? (Section)
But your ass the table top (top)
Swing that my direction (whoop!)
Put a red cup shot glass on your butt-shots (shots)
Order 'nother round throw it round don't stop (no!)
Been off work she ain't even on clock (whoop!)
Still doin' anything for me (for me)
Anybody asks tell 'em that's my shorty (shorty)
Yeah that's my shorty (shorty)
I done (Fell in Love Wit a Stripper)
Pain you already know what it is bruh (whoop whoop!)
Game is all that I know how to give her
Yeah, so your man keep callin'
Girl keep it real he don't want no problems (no!)
It's me and the O.G. 40 wildin' (uh)
Here for the night, you gon' miss me tomorrow

[Chorus 1]

[Chorus 2]

[Interlude: E-40 (T-Pain)]
Big enough to set a cup on her booty (Cup on it, cup on it)
Big enough to set a cup on her booty (Cup on it, cup on it)
Big enough to set a cup on her booty (Cup on it, cup on it)
Big enough to set a cup on her booty (Big enough to set a red cup, cup, cup)

[B.o.B:]
Big booty, small booty, long booty, tall booty (what)
That's a "make the front page on a blog" booty (what)
She wanna see a doc, you better do some squats (what)
I'd rather touch a soft ass than a hard booty (Ray Bobby!)
Throw that back, throw that back (back)
She could be a chiropractor workin' all that back (back)
She could start a clothing line showin' all that GAP (Gap)
That's a standin' ovation makin' all that clap (Ray Bobby!)
A big gesture, got a good texture (oww)
She can make some Guess Jeans stretch like polyester (oww)
Call me Lord Bobby, I'ma bless her with the scepter (oww)
Breakin' headboards, fuckin' up the architecture (Ray Bobby!)
She got a big butt, she got a big butt (booty)
When she walk through, hoes like "What the fuck?!" (What the fuck~?!)
Booty got it's own mind, that's a head-butt (head-butt)
Now turn that ass around hold this fuckin' red cup
I'm just sayin'

[Chorus 2]

[Interlude]



