"once upon a time in the projects 2" lyrics
ice cube lyrics
"once upon a time in the projects 2"
once upon a time in the projects yo
i damn near had to wreck a hoe
yellin through the screen do' (hey, let me in!)
(big daddy got a fifth of gin, and down to sin)
baby up in two-ten, is on a nigga
bendin over pickin up her mail, she can tell i'm dyin to get her
i'm sittin in yo' livin room, slash kitchen
a nigga ain't tryin to be the fuckin groom so stop bitchin
i like the way that ass is switchin, answer the do'
some nigga in a eighty-kay, yo' baby daddy
lookin like he mad at me (what) wit'cho name on his neck
here we go with mo' drama in the projects
wait a minute, who is this motherfucker?
you better take his ass in the back, and start talkin
nick that bud 'fore it bloom, and start stalkin
i can hear you guys yellin  a little strugglin
youse a fool if you think that i'm jumpin in
that nigga jet, smokin on a ciggarette
you say domestic shit, get you soakin wet?
well come widdit and get it, blow my socks
while i'm drinkin all the kool-aid, watchin jamie foxx
i'm hearin mo' knocks
(oh, that's just my people
they came all the way to the projects to meet you) who?
this fool wearin black, his girl, in the see through
distraction, a little action,  i woke up
tied up like (what happened?  punk you shoulda stuck to rappin
niggaz tell me you got a house full of platinum..
where the platinum at motherfucker?
i hear that shit worth more than gold!)
wait a minute motherfucker, this my house!
once upon a time in the projects
once upon a time, once upon a time
i'm like baffled, they got me gaffled, with the duct tape
so i remain raw, in come this chainsaw
another knock, it's the girl from two-ten
here to drop salt, that's when them bitches fought
i thought, "i bet-ta plan my escape"
in the midst of this commotion, ice cube is breakin tape
i'm free, bombin on the first thing i see
and guess who walk in, with a nine, and a grin
it's the baby daddy he ain't playin,
he started layin everybody down, about face with a frown
i'm runnin to the bedroom, i lock the do'
and grab the phone, the bitch phone ain't turned on
i think i'm gone, that's when i hear a soft knock
it's the girl from two-ten, with her number, and a glock
said, "call me up, if it's for sex, or chin check
nigga get you a real ass bitch from the projects!"
and i just might do that
once upon a time in the projects
once upon a time, once upon a time