"penitentiary" lyrics
ice cube lyrics
"penitentiary"
"attention all nigga rows and nigga hoes
we've decided to rob this motherfucker the legal way
nobs injecting ourselves to become property on the stock
in the penal system. in the justice system"
penitentiary, i hear you calling me
as the world turns, it burns while it's spinning
coming to a fucked-up ending
i can't wait till the day everything in the hood is straight
and i can hit the purty gates
until then, the pen is unfair
slave ships in the middle of nowhere (ma)
i lets my goddamn hair grow (ma)
bellin' in court, lookin' like a scarecrow
on capital hill, they them passed a bill
coming at me with a fucked-up deal (nah)
the judge gave me a 'l'
but y'all can't tell
i wait and cry in my cell
convicted negro, superhero
speaker at our house
takin' lyrics in my mouth
bitches in the south showin' ass (mm)
mix a lot, got hoes puttin titties on the glass
we blast in the west for example
and rap about this shit over funkadelic samples
yo' babies see me kill a fool on tv (wilson!)
and straight call me a g
penitentiary, i hear you calling me
penitentiary, i hear you calling me
thinkin' of illegal ways to get paid
but it ain't shit, got to be legit
south-central l.a.
you can buy your game from the c.i.a., hey-hey
and south-central l.a.
you can buy your game from the c.i.a. baby
when the evil outweighs the good
and you only give a fuck about rucks
the earth will self-destruct (bitch)
fuck the ozone layer, bitch i'm a playa (bitch)
plus we got a black mayor
i get sex when i shows flex (booom!)
porbey rolex (booom!)
which hoe is next? (booom!)
would you like a piece of me? not a mate
calling you a hoe 'cos i'm fucking on the first day (uh)
my world is a one-mile radius
i swear every other hood is the shadiest (uh)
could the crips and bloods be all rotten
when the trilateral commission is plottin'?
what you gonna do when the earth erupts?
some niggaz gettin' nuts outa carafel cups (punk)
fool you on master's woe
but won't even think about, sucking bob doe (punk)
asshole from the senate
how can you relate to a project tennant?
motherfuck you and not the courtman, no corrections
tryina' get a section of this west-side connection
just because you gotta stay
you ain't gotta rot away
we gon' come and get you one day