"cramping my style" lyrics
ugk lyrics
"cramping my style"
(feat. infinity)
well, it's me, the i-n-f-i-n-i-t-y
comin on the m-i-c to let you know that i
i'm sick and tired of weak-minded two cents brothas
only out for one thing, and that's to get you undercovers
you wanna lick me down, strap me down
think you're gonna toss on me, well i won't be around
for you to put wear-and-tear on my body
if you know like i know
you better go cause i ain't even hottie
to tell you the truth, you ain't that major
cause you made a little album and you getting the papers
well, it's my turn and you're catchin the vapors
before you know it, you'll be askin for favors
remember back in pa?
when you were constantly jockin and callin my everyday
the truth hurts huh, and you won't admit
cause, you're too busy thinking you're the shit
you're crampin my style!!
hold up dammit, you got the wrong man
i hate to bust your bubble
but, i'm down to drop a load, then i'm gone man
ain't with no relationships and suckin on toes
i like a one night stand, just kick it with some hoes!
you down with that jimmie, then it's on!
the 9-2 king of the quickie, so get me then i'm gone
just open up, and you gone get got
ain't no kissin and huggin, i leave you sleepin in the wet spot
let me in it, and let me out
wham bam thank you ma'am, yeah that's what it's all about!
and, don't take it personal when i bail on ya
just smoke a cigarette and kick it in the sauna
cause havin me all on ya ain't the lick
you're down for a love affair
but see, i'm only down for a quick stick!
so, check your watch or your clock
cause, i ain't about havin nobody feenin on my jock!
you're crampin my style!
i got to have some time to get to know ya, let me date ya
cause one night stands ain't really in my nature
i need some substance to take it
i love you on the first night, ain't even gonna make it
cause broken hearts, i don't had enough of
i need sensuality, not a bunch of broke love
if you can provide it, let's have it
take your time baby, stop jumpin like a rabbit
let's start somethin on a come-up
we can have it goin on here from sun-down to sun-up
don't try to run up in me fast
i want to find out how long can b-u-n b last
pass the ice and the honey, the money you can keep
watch your back at all times, one eye open when you sleep
i can't have you for a part-time lover
infinity has found another
cause you're crampin my style!
love you down but only for a little time
b-c-b, baby, i'm goin down for mine
my my my, i see you want me to spend the night
no, not quite, i did my part, now i'm takin flight
you just might see me again, but not soon
you can keep the wedding
i just want the honeymoon!
you might be good, but see - that ain't even the point
i got all that i wanted, now i'm out of this joint
so, you can pass me my draws and pass me my cap
cause, i ain't go be here when you wake up from your nap
and, that's the haps, no ifs ands or buts
now, pass my matchbox, so i can hit the cut
i love them guts, but not enough to stick around
so when i raise up, you can keep on layin down
i hate to clown, but that's life as i see it
you're lookin for a full-time man, i can't be it!
you're crampin my style!