"i'm so bad" lyrics
ugk lyrics
"i'm so bad"
say baby, y'know, you ever here with a nigga, y'know
why don't you uhh, hook a nigga up, y'know
suck a dick or somethin?
(fuck you trick i ain't down with suckin no dicks)
you know what time it is, you know you wanna suck a nigga dick
why don't you just go ahead and do that?
(why don't you eat some of this pussy? you know ya down with all that?)
nah i ain't with eatin no motherfuckin pussy
you got me fucked up, just suck a nigga dick!
(bitch you like eatin the pussy real good)
nah i ain't with that shit, check this shit out
bitch, i ain't even tryin to hear that bullllshit
about what your ho ass don't suck and what ya ass don't lick
so you can get your knees dirty ho
or either get your ratchet ass out my fuckin do'
cause i'm pimp c, i put a bitch in her place
get down on your knees, i put my dick in ya face
cause that's how the shit gotta go, heh
with the average everyday south texas ho
so bitch what's up with the suckin action?
cause my dick need that satisfaction
(bitch, you ain't even my type)
yeah ya momma said that but she still got me right
(aww nigga my momma don't even do that shit)
bitch yo' momma suck a mean ass dick
but i don't need ya anyway trick, huh
cause i'm so bad, i can suck my own motherfuckin dick
"i'm so bad, i can suck my own dick"
"i'm so, i'm so bad, i can suck my own dick"
"i'm so, i'm so bad, i'm so, i'm so bad"
"i'm so, i'm so bad, i can suck my own dick"
"i'm so, i'm so bad, i'm so bad"
"i'm so, i'm so, i'm so bad, i can suck my own"
"i'm so, i'm so, i'm so bad, i can suck my own dick"
"i'm i'm i'm so bad, i can suck my own dick"
"i'm so bad".. "i'm so, i'm so bad"
"i'm so bad, i can suck"
"i'm, i'm, i'm, i'm so bad, i can suck my own dick"
rollin down the street the other day
saw this fine ass bitch, said you wanna play?
we went to her crib, straight in the house
went in her bedroom i put my dick in her mouth ha
i said you suckin it real good honey
took my dick out her mouth started talkin bout money
ain't this some shit you ho?
stopped suckin my dick to talk about cassssh flow
bitch you got me bent like a pole
cause that shit you sellin ain't gon' never be sold
so bitch just fuck what ya talkin
just suck my dick or you can start to walkin
cause you're fine, but your face gotta go
that's why we rode down the motherfuckin backstreets, ya ugly ass ho
fuck you ol' country ass hick
cause i'm so bad, i can suck my own motherfuckin dick
ha-hahaha!
bitch you must don't know
that i'm pimp c, and i'm the motherfuckin..
man, fuck this shit
i ain't rappin no more about these ol' chickenhead
skanky-ass bitches, but i'll tell ya like this
burt's so bad, he can suck his own dick
chris so bad, he can suck his own dick
bun b so bad, he can suck his own dick
ron so bad, he can suck his own dick
tang so bad, he can suck his own dick
kye so bad, he can suck his own dick
will so bad, he can suck his own dick
the rest ain't that bad, hahahahahaha!
peace, i'm outta here