"intro" lyrics
ugk lyrics
"intro"
"ya muthafuckin right"
"cause where i'm from nigga, house some motherfuckin killas"
aiyyo bun, there's a lotta niggaz out there
that's dissin big tyme and u.g.k. man
but them motherfuckers don't know where we come from or where we did it
but you know what i want you to do, tell 'em where you from!
niggaz always askin what the fuck do trill stand for?
trill mean if you ain't my nigga, what you shakin my hand for?
trill mean if you ain't my bitch, don't sit on my lap
and if you ain't from p.a.t., nigga keep ya strap
the trill drink olde e., out on 7th street in texas
drive a 'lac, or a buick, motherfuck a lexus!
trill niggaz got the big nuts and big dicks
so what they hittin fo', fool? roll that 4-5-6
either wearin dickies or they sportin hi fashion
sellin dope and hatin doin {? } with a passion
laws on the creep, so look for the nine twice
i bail to the shackle five-oh-three and roll some dice
trill niggaz hit the car wash and make 'em shine
you better watch yo' ass when you see the 99
the trill niggaz only hit the streets when it's the night
at circle k.r. churches, to see who wanna fight
we don't take to new faces, quit airin p.a.t.
you cain't just runnin talkin 'bout - "aiyyo, wassup g? ! "
why you pullin out you hand? i'm pullin out my gat
catch a blast muthafucka, you don't know where you at
cause see now p.a.t. don't stand for "punk ass tricks"
it's "pullin all triggers" and we pull them hoes quick
you talkin to a nigga with trigger-finger twitch
if you ain't from p.a.t., i'm unloadin on you bitch!
ain't no punks where i'm from!
"ya muthafuckin right"
"cause where i'm from nigga, house some motherfuckin killas"
yeah, ain't no punks where i'm from
"ya muthafuckin right"
"cause where i'm from nigga, house some motherfuckin killas"
yeah, ain't no punks where i'm from
"ya muthafuckin right"
"cause where i'm from nigga, house some motherfuckin killas"
bitch, ain't no punks where i'm from!
"ya muthafuckin right"
"cause where i'm from nigga, house some motherfuckin killas"