"pocket full of stones (remix)" lyrics
ugk lyrics
"pocket full of stones (remix)"
uhh...
i got a pocket full of stooooooones...
got a pocket full of stooooooones... (give it away, give it away, give it away now)
i got a pocket full of stooooooones...
i got a pocket full of stooooooones... (give it away, give it away, give it away now)
when i first started back in 1989
i wasn't movin keys, i was barely movin dimes
started comin up, fiends recognize my face
i was payin off the law so i wouldn't catch a case
you want a freebase, i got them hovers for ya right
a boulder on your pipe and you can get high as a kite
cash went to stacks, then they went to piles (uhh...)
thanks to them dope hittin crack vials
back in the days, they used to run up sayin, "pimp c, what you know?"
i told 'em, "get this crack and get yourself-away-from-me-bro"
cause everywhere i went, it became an instant cut
cause they knew i cut them twentys and them big fat monkey nuts
a fiend gon' be a fiend, you can't change no fiends i guess
so i just let 'em smoke until they taste the brillo pad in they chest
now they won't leave me alone
cause they know i got a whole pocket full of stoooooones...
got a pocket full of stooooooones...
got a pocket full of stooooooones... (give it away, give it away, give it away now)
i got a pocket full of stooooooones...
and they won't leave my ass aloooooooone... (give it away, give it away, give it away now)
check it, uh, i bought a cadillac, parked it to a street top
got me a family, started pushin crack rock
rock crack sho' paid good in the city that's
had a lil' gal for every letter in the alphabet
annie and brenda, carla and dee
and a whole lot a fiends that used to do me up for free...
i bought my first key from my baby momma brotha
cooked it up myself and started passin out them hovers
everybody in my family was clockin loot
sold my cadillac, i got a brand new lexus sports coupe
huh, got a house on the hill, got a boat on the lake
got a detail shop to cover up them duckets that i make
it's to the point where i don't see, dope, no mo'
still smoke that weed, still drink beer, aaaaand 'cro
now them laws won't leave me alone
cause they know, all my posse got them pocket full of stooooones...
got a pocket full of stooooooones...
got a pocket full of stooooooones... (give it away, give it away, give it away now)
i got a pocket full of stooooooones...
and they won't leave my ass aloooooooone... (give it away, give it away, give it away now)
livin real smooth like aloe vera lotion
sellin crack rock, the devil's love potion (yeah!)
three wheel motion on my buick park ave
fiends used to smoke twenties, now they smokin slabs
paid like a fat rat, clientele is big
if anybody try to gank me, i'm a split they wig
suck me up and lick me up, just to get a bump
forget black caesar, brothers call me black trump
pistol grip pump, in my lap at all times
brothers step on other brothers cut but they don't step on mine
got my money totalled for a big time scream
17-5, i got a bird - yeah key!
i put my boys down so they wouldn't have to rob
now my click is comin up, just like the mob
my workers got workers, everybody's makin green
gettin cash for puttin stones in the pockets of the fiends
got a pocket full of stooooooones... (uh, yeah)
got a pocket full of stooooooones... (give it away, give it away, give it away now)
i got a pocket full of stooooooones... (yeah)
got a pocket full of stoooooooooones... (give it away, give it away, give it away now)
keys are movin daily, the products to the max (max)
me, byrd, and pimp c is makin big fat paper stacks (stacks)
the game is gettin silly, dope is so easy to sell
pay everybody bail, ain't no spendin time in jail
i got 'em makin sales cause it's all about that green
mo' workers, mo' workers, my faith ain't on the scene
my attitude is mean because i keepin my respect
ain't nobody out of line because i got 'em all in check
i broke a cop's neck, cause he step outta place
dead pig, murder one, now i got time to face
the judge that sent me got capped, by byrd and c
and now my boys are sittin up the river next to me
fo' years pass and we back on the shoulder
hit the cuts with fifty up, bought a nice fat boulder
cut up to a nice fat pile of hover tens
gotta pocket full of stones startin all over agaaaaa-in
yeaaaaah... big ladies annnnnd big babiiiies
it's the nine-treeeees, really do-ooooe...
really doe, you don't hear me!
but anyway,  yeeaaaaah...
oh... big baby 3-2 in the hooooo-owwwwwooouuse...
uhhh, and we got soul baby
pimp c in the hooooowwoouse-uh
and we got, the atomic baby bun beeeeee...
uhhh, and we got, byrd babeeeeyyyyyyy...
chronic...