"ridin' dirty" lyrics
ugk lyrics
"ridin' dirty"
ridin dirty
straight up dedicated to the cadillacs
ridin dirty, know what i'm sayin
comin down on the slab, boy
ridin dirty, forreal tho, ridin dirty ...
have you ever been rollin in a clean ass 'llac
blowin big out the window, everybody got a sack
got my heat right between my seat, got a box of them thangs
in case these fools start playin with me
you'd be surprised how them boppers wink, girl i can't stop
give my headlights a blink and roll them up out the top
and keep movin, and keep rollin
fools that don't be holdin, i'm comin through and foldin
and i can't stand snitches, wanna kill alla y'all
even though some bustas thought i'm still rollin like a ball
and having things my way, hittin that highway
sellin that big yay, a plush-ass place to stay
po-lice, they wanna run in
talkin on cell phones got a lotta kids done in
i wanna live like arnold, willis and mr. drummond
and keep my paper sturdy, big birds and tight herbs
fool, i'm ridin dirty, uh, whaaaat
big birds and tight herbs, fool i'm ridin dirty
ridin dirty, uh, whaaat
fool, ridin dirty, uh... whaaaat?
tell me can you feel it? man, nothin can save ya
i believe it's that season for gettin yo papers
or haven't you heard about them birds? we call it that cheese
in texas we get it with ease, hit i-10 if you please
but these polices - they think they sharp as creases
for no reasons man, they straight up strippin cars to pieces
out of suspicion, or if they thinkin you on a mission
ain't no wishin or prayin, they sayin assume the position
hands behind ya head, down on ya knees
you get the case and they get yo weight and yo g's
come on! i use to ride them port arthur city streets
with a chick with pretty feets and a box of philly sweets
they tried to finish me but couldn't get it done
so somebody told the law big bun was the one ridin dirty
man, somebody told the law big bun was the one ridin dirty
sup pa, uh, what, ridin dirty
beamount, yeah, uh, man, ridin dirty
uh, ridin dirty, uh, ridin dirty
uh, chillin in new york, ridin dirty
uh, big d-town, know what i'm talmbout, ridin dirty
that big h-town, know what i'm sayin (wussup southside)
ridin dirty, uh, uh, ridin dirty
uh, southwest ridin dirty, wussup lord j (know what i'm talmbout)
uh, that northside ridin dirty
yeah, that westside ridin dirty
uh, that, that, that eastside ridin dirty
uh, california ridin dirty, fools in oakland ridin dirty
my fool spice ridin dirty, i know that fool brad ridin dirty
and big mike ridin dirty, and all my fools ridin dirty
uh, uh, whaaat, baby ridin dirty
and big bun ridin dirty, fool leroy ridin dirty
and big mitch ridin dirty,
uh, uh uh, all my fools in louisiana ridin dirty
mister chris ridin dirty, all my fools in atlanta ridin dirty
south carolina, north carolina, ridin dirty
flippin, dippin (ridin dirty) know what i'm sayin
up in washington, ridin dirty
miami, florida - where they film the vice
know what i'm talmbout? ridin dirty
uh, ridin dirty... ridin dirty...