"stop-n-go" lyrics
ugk lyrics
"stop-n-go"
(feat. jazze pha)
we be pullin up in the hot shit and thats cuz we the stars of the show
now if you gettin money and got whips just pull up on your stop an go's
this is the way we stop and go, don't block my way, we stop the show
please rise for the president of the south and all hale to the cheif with them diamond teeth in his mouth
make way! big dick chaney is bout to enter
king committees in session but first on the agenda
bend the corner on them fours lac turnin on them vouges
1 time for the haters, 2 times for the hoes
i suppose its only right for me to grip up on the cherry, oak wood wheel while im drippin cranberry
and very few have acomplished what we have acheived without a rabbit out of a hat or a trick up his sleeve
i got a steady hand and a steady flow so, on your mark get set, ready go, you already know.........
we be pullin up in the hot shit and thats cuz we the stars of the show
now if you gettin money and got whips just pull up on your stop an go's
this is the way we stop and go, don't block my way, we stop the show
swishers and dank and pourin up big drank
100 thousand dollars in my grown set link
i got 2 on thats 200, you gone go crazy nigga tryna count my money
i came from the bottom they hate me like im asadam
198 in a spur house in nevada (vada vada)
vegas nigga got my paper pimpin thru cerwin vegas nigga
let me show you how we keep the parkin lot on fire,
full kit on my shit 26 inch tiiiiiiiiiiiiires!
yokohamas an the wheel still wood,
keep a bad yellow bitch cuz my dick feel good
when you see us in the hood nigga...
we be pullin up in the hot shit and thats cuz we the stars of the show
now if you gettin money and got whips just pull up on your stop an go's
this is the way we stop and go, don't block my way, we stop the show
dope man!! ya and the dro in the drought
pull up at the spot with the brains blowed out
wheels cost a whip, whip cost a house
ugk and jazze pha show up and show out
she wanna chill with the crew
kick it in the crib on the hill with the view
you know you wanna holla what it is? what it do?
she love me for my old school drops an my cool
cuz my shit be the truth whoa!
the wheels never pause counterclock wise when i skirrrrrr on'em all.
and when she fall thru an see the plaques on the wall
she'll prolly call a couple friends!
shit call'em all, down come the draws
we be pullin up in the hot shit and thats cuz we the stars of the show
now if you gettin money and got whips just pull up on your stop an go's
this is the way we stop and go, don't block my way, we stop the show