"i don't feel so good" lyrics
lupe fiasco lyrics
"i don't feel so good"
picture i'm a dreamer
i'll take you deeper
down to the sleepy glow
time is a low
don't you know?
what are we going to do?
what are we going to do?
is there something in the air? do you feel it?
is it close? is it far? is it here? do you feel it?
are you happy? you sad? you scared? do you feel it?
is it right? is it wrong? is it fair? do you feel it?
is it real? is it fake? do you care? do you feel it?
when he stopped and he paid for head, did he feel it?
with his wife when he laid in the bed, did she feel it?
when the police kicked in the door, did he feel it?
when he had to go to war, did he feel it?
when they hung and they swung from a tree, did they feel it?
well i know when they come for me, will i feel it
when he blew all his money to ball, did he feel it?
when that bullet came through a wall, did she feel it?
when he stopped and he dropped when he died, did he feel it?
when his momma closed his eyes, did he feel it?
when she couldn't take the pain, did she feel it?
when the dope flows through her veins, does she feel it?
when she took off all her clothes, did she feel it?
when she slid down that pole, did she feel it?
will it all be clear to see, will i feel it?
if god forgives me, will i feel it?
i ask my baby if she love me, she said she don't know
she said the game's got her heart, the streets have got her soul
i ask my baby if she love me, she said she don't know
she said the game's got her heart, the streets have got her soul
i said, "wow"
when his food come out the trash, does she feel it?
when he sleeps under the underpass, does he feel it?
when she's pregnant and smoking weed, does she feel it?
when the jury just won't believe, do they feel it?
when this song come on in the club, do you feel it?
when a racist shows you love, do you feel it?
when he know he won't win the game, do he feel it?
when a preacher is driven insane, do he feel it?
every time i write a rhyme, do i feel it?
when i'm running out of time, will i feel it?
when the liquor is poured on the ground, do they feel it?
if my music didn't make a sound, would you feel it?
i ask my baby if she love me, she said she don't know
she said the game's got her heart, the streets have got her soul
i ask my baby if she love me, she said she don't know
she said the game's got her heart, the streets have got her soul
i said, "wow"
i ask my baby if she love me, she said she don't know
she said the game's got her heart, the streets have got her soul