"wwjd he'd prolly lol like wtf!!!" lyrics
lupe fiasco lyrics
"wwjd he'd prolly lol like wtf!!!"
really? this is what you guys been doing?
searching
before the break there were none
and as it broke there was one
from moon to sun, it goes on and on
the winter battle was won, the summer children were born
and so the story goes on and on
come on woman in your left beats
those in bed with the house keys
so fair weather feels heartbreak from here to eternity
come on woman in your wrong time
far far far from the virgin pine
rise on now from the dead leaves
come back to me
oh, she sings her favorite song
left to her tears and dreams, it goes on
standing in line for the new one
not the black, but the blue one
and i don't even know what it do, son
steve jobs said that it's too fun
fun in a bun is what i need
it's cold out here, put my arms in the sleeves
i'll probably lose my place if i leave
but i really need to pee
if i do it right here they'll see
makes you wonder, how do snipers
marathon bikers
next time: diapers
they say it has all new features
faster processors and much better speakers
great for kids, a necessity for teachers
for work or home, a revolutionary way of being alone
i mean, should we really get a loan?
hey what's the manager's... tell it to your phone
cupertino heart with chinese parts
built by the poor, but designed by the smart
they open the door so you go
on your mark, get ready, set, bye
imagine a world where everything starts with an i
but it still ends with a die
probably got an app for that, you could try
brother iclouds, right into the great wifi
siri, can igod really hear me?
"does not compute - can you repeat more clearly? "
"woaaaaah"
a vessel in the bloodline
a thirteenth zodiac sign
a stitch in time, it goes on and on
standing in line for some new ones
had a bunch of blessings but i blew them
asked google how to use them
sent me to a section about used guns
new runs, nuns'll scream, moms with jeans
match their teens' jeans and genies who try to chew gum
aw man, it's so confusing
confusion in the bun is what i have
good thing that god accepts cash
maybe buy my way out his wrath
sceptically, why am i way off this path?
atheism's cheaper, and accepts visa
my thoughts is in queing up for sneakers
won't discriminate, getting all eight
in every color that they make
beaverton hearts with chinese parts
built by the poor and designed by the smart
on your mark, get set, cop em!
imagine a life that revolves around shopping
conspicuous consumption
that means it serves no other function
but to show off to someone
others who only try to show off to you - look at your fellow loyal customers
isn't harmony great?
look at all these friends that marketing makes
how many fries can these arteries take?
i'll give mcdonald's a little help here
i think they should expand into health care
and then you'll have all ends covered
even make caskets, have it all umbrella'd
can you make a corporation fear me?
"couldn't hear your order, can you speak less clearly? "
that witch was burning the ground
will someday come back around
from dust from to dust it goes on and on
before daybreak there were none
and as it broke there was one
and still the story goes on and on