"hoes in my room" lyrics
ludacris lyrics
"hoes in my room"
(feat. snoop dogg)
hey! thank all you all for comin' out tonight
it was a beautiful night tonight and the shizznit
where pimpin' and dead, these hoes just scared
thanks snoop dogg, ludacris, all the niggas from the lbc
it was a beautiful night tonight
oh, look at these fools, ay! security! come get these niggas!
fresh off the streets, just finished a show in long beach
ready to relax, kick up my feet
maybe smoke a blunt or two, that's what i wanna do
broke out and called up the homeboy snoop (what happenin' nephew?)
oh, nothin' just called, lookin' for some women that can fondle my balls
(well you hit the right dogg, i can help you with that
gimme 15 minutes, and i'll hit you rite back)
off to the hotel, i was ready indeed
slapped the button in the 'llac to control the speed
put one up in the air, the cops just stared
waved my hands out the roof like i just ain't care
got to the tele and i slid through the door
on to the elevator, hit the penthouse floor
and what would happen next only time could tell
cause i got up to my room, and i was mad as hell (ah! damn!)
who let these hoes in my room? (these hoes)
who let these hoes in my room?
who let these hoes in my room? (did you let 'em in?)
who let these hoes in my room? (these hoes)
who let these hoes in my room?
now it was five b.a.p hoes and they look like trash
but one was midget, so we'll just say four and a half
i was stuck speechless, couldn't believe my eyes
what'd i do to deserve this unpleasant surprise?
and i was thinkin' to myself, "this is just my luck"
then my nigga bust in like "what the fuck!?"
(oh shit it's snoop!)
who in the hell let them booger bears out they cell (not me)
and what they doin' in ya' room? nigga make 'em bail (yeah)
got some fine bitches, dime bitches on they way (okay)
and told security, "let 'em in, with no delay" (ha ha!)
so when they get here, they'll probably be like half naked
don't mean to trip out, but bitch you all got to dip out (dip out!)
catch the elevator up one floor
presidential with the slidin' key for the door (oh no!)
what the fuck goin' on? shit, all around the world luda, then its the same song
them bitches was so ugly, i told 'em to go home
who let these hoes in my room?
(man who let these hoes in my room?)
who let these hoes in my room? (oh no!)
(did you let 'em in?)
who let these hoes in my room?
(well who let 'em in then?)
who let these hoes in my room? (get out!)
now, these chicks wouldn't leave, they was ready to clown
one was 5'6 and weighed three hundred pounds
(no she didn't come through with a thong on
she did for the hell of it, big fat whale of it)
you can't separate me, i'm gonna separate you
bitch ya' pussy smell like pepe le pew
(you filthy, nasty, sick in the head
sittin' in my dressing room with dick on ya' bread)
she said "i want you to climb in this underwear, silly"
but i was turned off by her tupper-ware titties
(fake bitches, break bitches, make bitches
kick rocks, when they fucked up in they face
tick-tock, you gots to get up out my space
hey ludacris let's get the fuck up out this place, let's bounce)
then it got to my head, and somethin' reminded me
i know who let 'em in, it was bill o'reilly (faggot)
(ya' white bread, chicken-shit nigga!)
who let these hoes in my room?
(who let these hoes in my room?)
who let these hoes in my room? (did you let 'em in?)
who let these hoes in my room?
(i need to know, who let these hoes in?)
who let these hoes in my room?
ay, ay you all gotta go
you all gotta get the fuck up outta here, ugly ass bitches
i don't understand how these bitches always get in my dressin' room
you know what i'm sayin'?
soon as i get off stage, it's 7 or 8 ugly ass bitches posyed up in my dressin room
and security act like they don't know who did it
i know you feel what i'm sayin', i'm my nigga around the whole world
we need to form a society or somethin'
fat, gorilla, monkey mouth bitches cant get in our motherfucking dressing room or backstage
and if they do, we kindly put our foot up their asses
and re-direct them bitches to security dressin' room, you dig?
sick of these ugly ass bitches bein' my dressin' room