"mouthing off" lyrics
ludacris lyrics
"mouthing off"
(feat. 4-ize)
yeah, hah..
when it all come down to it we ain't have shit!
(woo!  use your mouth, haha)
ludacris, 4-ize, it's like this
i make niggaz eat dirt and fart dust
then give you a eighty dollar gift certificate to pussies 'r us
i eat the whole pie, and leave nuthin but the crust
so you can feel what it's like, with instinct but no guts
a sac wit no nuts or a mack wit no sluts
give me a full-body massage, i still can't be touched
they call me seymour butts, cause i get mo' ass than most
they say i'm next and got that butter love, and get too close
follow the leader cause i'm meaner than medula oblongota
my +tribe's+ on more +quests+ than +midnight marauders+
it's all piña coladas, no cops and robbers
takin trips back and forth from here to the bahamas
i hump more than llamas, get rolled more than tires
if you say i'm not nice, then youse a motherfuckin liar
entitled to your opini-ons, into the next millenium
so many +major coinz+ that i thought i had +amil+lion
4-ize.. 4-ize whatcha?  4-ize
yo, i am goin to blow up the earth
with my "pew-36 explosive space modulator"
buddha be praised, you meditator
drop squad interrogator, 85 percent regulator
the educator and the almighty creator, dedicater
the seperater of fiction, i spark friction
smoking "hay" without the +crucial conflict+ion
4-ize prescription; microphone, jackie stallone
psychic prediction, egytian descripition
of my psychical, my flesh is weak and it's pitiful
spiritiual is hooked up to the invisibile
umbilical cord of my lord, kumbiya devine kah
remove paper of tar from every cigar
i slap authority like gabor, zsa zsa
half allah, half anti christ superstar
rockin the microphone with a hand like dr. claw
while i'm hittin trees - harder than sonny bono
double dragon, mixed up with an abobo
i kill villians in slow-mo for talkin crazy in my dojo
got nothin to lose, like i'm a boxcar hobo
when i get ludacris with bridges on the promo
niggaz wanna clown; i'm +homey+ and +bozo+
cause in the grand prize game my life callin like jo-jo
the name sticks like toto
i keep it realer than alien autopsy photo
you similiar to a spice girl goin solo
you lost like bebe, or a dog named toto
my statue of liberty is rebecca lobo
we +cop+ +robo+, virgo
bust ass like a motherfuckin homo, como estas?
tony del negro
built to destroy these kid's blocks of legos
lego my eggo cause i say so
hold the microphone, 4-ize, i stay gifted
manifested, elevated, i uplifted
the elevator, the esclator
"that's not a knife?  that's a knife!"
crocodile dundee the alligator rustler
cause i hustle ya, under the +china+
+big trouble+, little sewer but still i find ya
cause i'm stinky
manifest, throw you down the stairs like a slinky
yo, my third eye is blinky