"muthafucka can u buy that" lyrics
ludacris lyrics
"muthafucka can u buy that"
mutherfucker can you buy that? (buy that, buy that, buy that)
i could buy that!
mutherfucker can you buy that? (buy that, buy that, buy that)
i could buy that!
mutherfucker can you buy that? (buy that, buy that, buy that)
awww, here this nigga luda go again talking 'bout how much money he got in this yet
luda! oh no, don't try that
twenty million dollar crib motherfucker i could buy that
you can see me in a fly lap
maserati's, lamborghini's or a mutherfuckin' maybach
lay back making pay stacks
conjure on the rocks, don't chase that
buss all in your bitch face, and like puff, tell her take that, take that!
champagne by the boatload
keep a bottle of a veuve clicquot in a choke hold
i'm rough i choke hoes, cockin' a magnum like 44′s
get it? i'm loco! i know people mob like no does
all night with the door closed
women jumpin' on my stick like pogo's
higher, my rubbers all rotate like tires
i fuck the bitch before i fuck you
damn right i'm tired!
i'm filthy rich, bitch, go spend some mula
i went to the dealership and the ferrari dude was like errr luda?
mutherfucker can you buy that? (buy that, buy that, buy that)
i could buy that!
mutherfucker can you buy that? (buy that, buy that, buy that)
i could buy that!
mutherfucker can you buy that? (buy that, buy that, buy that)
big bank take little bank nigga, i could buy that
mutherfucker can you buy that? (buy that, buy that, buy that)
your money is my money
i can buy that!
i can buy that shit
no nigga can even deny that shit
pull up at the light in a harley and a bugatti
whatever you driving you better hide that shit
oh, fuck your life, kill yourself nigga
go buy a casket, and kill yourself nigga!
you can find me freaking a puerto rican
or down in panama with the stamina of an athlete
overlooking the women in guatemala, tahiti
they in bikini's i'm running them like a track meet
bloaw! ready, set go, i'm so outrageous
yo' money is tied up, bitch my money is the dominatrix
yo' money's funny, my money's mean
yo' money's scummy, my money's clean
yo' money is... stupid
my money is "get over here, finish him. haduken"