"ocean skies" lyrics
ludacris lyrics
"ocean skies"
(feat. monica)
(applause)
and the winner, for the best rap album goes to
ludacris it’s your year baby
(applause)
this goes out to my father, who is in critical condition right now
i appreciate your prayers
mr. wayne bridges
i love you
rest in peace wayne bridges
you're still living through me
listen!
look, i lost my father to the bottle
i'd hug him everyday like i might not see him tomorrow
got a little sorrow for a lifetime
cause when he was living i'm thinking how do i get him to listen
when he was seldom in his right mind
my early years i was too young to understand
but i remember the smell of beer and seeing all the empty cans
waking up, crying in the night, hearing arguments
hands off my momma, somehow i knew he was the cause of it
got a little older and he got a little worse
drinking must be his remedy, he got a little cursed
well, tell me what's the cure for a man who miss his pops
the beat goes on, but the drinking's gotta stop!
if i had have know i wouldn't see you tomorrow
i would've had you hold to your heart, and put your love in a bottle, hey
but now you got me  out that pain, gone after sorrow
wishing every day you were here with me
but now that you're gone, i lost my heart to the bottle, to the bottle
ooh oh oh
yeah, i lost my father to the bottle
function and alcoholics what they call it far as i know
became a teenager and started to understand
but even through drinks he still taught me to be a man
so before the hospital, when the paramedics rest him
he knew that everybody who met him, instantly loved him
i run the con concerts? would have made him even sicker
cause who gon' tell him he can't drink none of his son's liquor
and tell me without my father how am i supposed to manage?!
he had the biggest heart, but also had that liver damage
tell me what's the cure for a man who miss his paps
the beat goes on, but the drinking' gotta stop!
not a day goes by that i don't miss ya, and don't wish you were here with me
no matter what you did, i forgive you!
i lost my father to the bottle
tell your parents you love 'em
you might not see them tomorrow!
i swallow my pride, try to put my problems aside
but i feel so hollow inside
gotta keep my eyes on the prize
cause i'm steady wishing you were here
to see the goals that i plan to reach
you left the day after i put you into my grammy speech
it's almost like you waited just to see me win
well, pops i can't wait untill the day we meet!
i can't get over you you you, hey
love in a bottle, hey heyyy
oh, i miss you!
i wanna see you tomorrow
i wanna see you again
i wanna see you tomorrow
i miss you, you you you you
i love you, you you you