"one more drink" lyrics
ludacris lyrics
"one more drink"
(feat. t-pain)
it was friday night and i was feelin aight (yup)
downtown atlanta, big city, bright lights
mixin heni with the sprite while i’m drinkin and drivin
no police lights, no police sirens
i’m headed to the club looking for a freak
to spread a little love and spread a couple cheeks
pull up to the spot 26’s like bam
eyes on me like bitch do you see em?
strolled through the front door headed to the vip
bought a couple bottles and i took a couple sips
scoping out the room and what do i see?
a nice round butt, an a pair a double d’s
so i creped up like shorty wus happnin
you killin that dress and i love it with a passion
then she turned around and her face was aight
she had a gap toof and mean over bite
but i was like hmmm…
yeah yeah
if i take one more drink, i’m gon end up fuckin you
is that what you wanna do shorty?
if i take one more drink, i’m gon end up fuckin you
you too
woke up the next morning and all i can remember
was taking shots and tippin the bartender
surender to the women end up bringin me home
cause she started lookin better every shot a patron (yup)
i jumped up with a devilish grin
cause tonight, damn right i might do it again
so i called up the homies (what up) let’s ride
we can hit the sports bar over on the south side
getta couple a coronas, couple a limes
went up to the bar saw a couple a dimes
so i, slowly walked up and said hi
my name’s ludacris and i’m a hell of a guy
one said i know who you are i’m your number one fan
and right now it’s too bad i gotta man
and i said i understand (i understand)
but where the hell is he at cause in a minute
if he don’t show up then maannnnn…
yeah yeah
if i take one more drink, i’m gon end up fuckin you
is that what you wanna do shorty?
if i take one more drink, i’m gon end up fuckin you
you too
uh huh
aye pain holla at em right quick man
yeah you gon get in trouble with yo man girl
(don’t get in trouble girl)
talkin bout how you’re my biggest fan girl
(i know it i know it)
now i don’t wanna do (please) but you’re gon make me do, but i
(don’t make me do it. don’t make me do it)
if i have more drink
one mo drink i’ma get cha home and i’ll split cha
grab the camera phone and take a buncha drunk pictures
cause hennessey mixed with a whole buncha buda
equals you mixed with a whole bunch luda
and you know how far one drink could go
start slurring my speech slowin up the flow
hiking up ya skirts
climing up ya shirts
it’s mr. late night luda and i like to flirt
so guess what baby girl
yeah yeah
if i take one more drink, i’m gon end up fuckin you
(just one mo)
is that what you wanna do shorty?
(that's all its gon take)
if i take one more drink, i’m gon end up fuckin you
(who else t-pain)
you too
you hear what i’m sayin
people too picky these days damn it
too tall, too short, too fat, too skinny
have a couple of drinks and quit discriminating
this has been a luda service announcement
deuces