"press the start button" lyrics
ludacris lyrics
"press the start button"
this song is rated m for mature!
yeah, press the start button (woo!)
tell these hoes to press the start button (what!)
punch in your code and press the start button
and let the muh'fuckin games begin, biatch!
for any one of these flows just press the start button
yea, tell my foes to press the start button
for a ludacris show, just press the start button
and let the muh'fuckin games begin, biatch!
hey, look here
picture perfect, i paint a perfect picture
eyes low cause igloo done rolled the perfect swisha
hit you with the weaponry, tell your soldiers to back down
i'm (raw) like w.e., you'll get (smackdown!)
how you want it? i'll clobber my opponents like blanka
boy, you (street fightin) with a monster
a-town mobster, blowin smoke like rastas
pullin out guns like in (contra), mo' toys than tonka
i'm a fuckin problem, rob 'em
it's (grand theft auto), his burner's right beside him
hollow points headed to your dome
hollow points headed to your home
your head of lettuce shredded from the chrome
it's ludicrous parents think i'm a weirdo
i'm a (god of war), you a (guitar hero)
so let's box like tyson, you'll get (punched out)
welcome to luda's world, now bring the blunts out!
hahhhhh!
i'm (liver) than nba, luda's (super) like mario
that playstation 4 shit, you older than atari hoe!
flows that'll make mc's (go!) like diego
call me the master chief, my life is like (halo)
fightin off haters, i'm the best, ask khaled
i'm at the (call of duty), plus my (metal gear) is (solid)
my (resident) is (evil), full of southside riders
i hope you're (pac'd-man), i got six (virtua fighters)
that'll (blitz) ya like madden '09
or hit you with the mac and fo' 9's
then later sit back and blow pine
like it's somethin to do, it ain't pretty
the (final fantasy), they think they live in (simcity)
but i'm a (mechwarrior), try me and i'll damage ya
holdin a (soul calibur), or shoot you like (galaga)
and my (creed assassins) ya, so clear the room
before the shotgun helps you meet your (ultimate doom), boyyyyy
whether 25 thousand or 25 mil'
survival of the fittest, either kill or be killed
get ya game on playa, get ya game on (what?!)
get ya game on playa, get ya game on
doesn't matter if it's 25 bricks or it's 25 bucks
survival of the fittest, either stick or get stuck
get ya game on playa, get ya game on (what?!)
get ya game on playa, get ya game on
heyyyy!