"say it to my face" lyrics
ludacris lyrics
"say it to my face"
(feat. meek mill)
hey, before i eat an mc i say my grace
leave you dead without a trace
got a problem with me, say it to my face
to my face, to my face, to my face, to my face, to my face
put a pussy ass nigga all in his place!
didn't your bosses ever tell you niggas you could be replaced
to the fans you's a disgrace, got a problem with me?
say it to my face, to my face, to my face, to my face, to my face
put a pussy ass nigga all in his place!
ay, got a chopper, kinda like a helicopter
for any nigga that think its sweet
and you better call a doctor
have you shaking like a maracas
dripping like this beat
blood spillin' like a faulty faucet
plug his ass, 'fore you end up in the host
put the gear in reverse
then you better hit the fucking gas
you broke, now you bitter
but how the hell is a nigga start beef with me on his fucking twitter?
you know where i'll be, you know where i'll stay
i ain't that hard to find!
all upon my d, when the dtp boy, you're sweeter than a valentine!
how can you call yourself a man, boy?
you's ludacris number one fan, boy!
then you left, and you're gone, goodbye
lazy eye don't miss you!
then you signed to a nigga, who signed to a nigga, who signed to another nigga, smart move!
boy, you dumb as hell!
you should take your soul and have an 'end of the summer sale'!
but all your records my theme songs?
why? cause i'm still shopping of your ring tone!
to you internet gangsta's
facebook hoes, e-mail bullies, i can see your camel toe
instead of talking to a nigga straight up, you rather send a text
well, i think you a bitch, and you should change your sex!
hiding behind your phone screen, better run the other way
you playing for the wrong team
dick in the booty ass, nigga
oh, take another dude to the movie ass, nigga
i can see you're kit kat, gimme a break, hit him in his face
how you keep it real when you know a nigga fake?
better hit the brakes when you see me nigga shake
you going into convulsions, hater emotions and epileptic seizures
put a nail in a nigga, your career is over, hang em up like jesus!
amen! sayonara! okay then
next time you crying, tell a bitch, nigga!
but keep in mind, you's a bitch nigga!
put a pussy ass nigga in his face with that tooly on my waist like "huh?"
i put it to his face then i ask a pussy ass nigga how taste like "huh?"
he said it taste like nah (nah)
told 'em it's a glock 10 though
niggas thinking it's been a game til the shots hit his body bend his ass like limbo
give my shooters your info
tell 'em right to your place, put 'em right in your face
nigga like what you say?
catch you night time and then brighten your day
shots at your head, they don't like what you say
coroners coming to wipe you away
thang you with jiggy? here right the
wherever you standing, that's right where you lay
ya'll niggas run yo mouth just like a bunch of bitches
pussy niggas talking just like a bunch of snitches
lord be my witness, i ask for forgiveness
but if these pussy niggas keep running they mouth, i'ma give them the business
heard you pussy ass niggas talking about me when i'm not around
told another nigga, so he told another nigga and it got around
so i told the other nigga, go tell the other nigga, move out of town
cause my dawg playing hard ball with the sawn off like you outta bounds