"screwed up" lyrics
ludacris lyrics
"screwed up"
(feat. lil' flip)
ah yeah, we sending this one out
from everybody i mean to everybody from the h-town to the a-town
to worldwide so get your lighters, get your drink
and i tell you what i'm so fucked up, and screwed up
if anybody try to blow my high, you know what i'ma tell 'em
(fuck you!) fuck you!
(fuck you!) fuck you!
(fuck you!) fuck you!
(fuck you!) fuck you!
(i'm screwed up)
i feel better than i've ever felt before, ah!
intoxicated but maintaining self-control, ah!
i took a swig, i had a jug, chug-a-log, i'm loud and clear
i had some bud, i lit it up, and then i made it disappear
'cause my magic tricks, are so fabulous
this shit's hazardous, got amateurs smoking canibus
if you mad at this, damn it then
i made a, call to my dog, time to split the blunt and break it up
three-wheel motion, purple potion, i gotta shake it up
i tried to kick the habit, but it keep calling me
abracadabra, here's a magic trick, i smoked up all the weed
zig-zag's and golden wraps got my mind gone
drugs don't affect my work, i still get my grind on
i'm leaning like the tower of pisa, the syrup squeezer
come close to my stash, and get treated as if i'm ebeneezer
i'm throwed, blowed, matter-of-fact let's call this the thrower potion
i'm screwed up, so no wonder things are in slower motion
i gots to have it,can't kick the habit, i've tried to shake it
the drug experiment stage if you mistake then
i'm from screwed up texas, we drive reckless, and then we peel off
you ain't had shit until you smoke sweet tooth and jack frost
hit it twice but don't cough, you gotta take it man
if it's a record for smoking i'm 'bout to break it man
me and luda puffing budda, we in a black cougar
on zap judas, you try to jack us we grab rugers
how can i say it plain?
that i'm off that mary jane
and if it's true what they say
then i don't know how many cells is left in my fucking brain
but i'ma keep on writing and lighting
minds of these hungry rappers
and tell the hood that i've hired niggers and fired crackers
on the fourth of july, opens your eyes i'm joking stupid
i love all races but if you hating my music then
i love my
occupation we never have to take a piss test
fuck a 9 to 5 'cause i'm always getting rest
i wake to breakfest and head
you wake up to breakfast in bed
should i drive my h2?  hmmm?
i'ma take the lexus instead
pimping ain't dead but i'll leave you niggaz
dead from all this pimping
i'm riding spinners like a pimp
that's why i'm limping
off substances that's controlled
that's how this story goes
i popped the cap, broke the ice
and lil' flip done broke the mold
i'm so cold i think i, see dead people
nah, that's just my homies passed out in the regal
believe it, the potency is so strong, if you notice me
i'm calm, cool, and collected and if you, disrespect it
we doing this for them players that bank screw music
we don't pass out after 8 blunts, because we used to it
me and cris like cheech & chong
so hurry, break out the weed and the bong
'cause if it ain't grade a trees, we gotta leave it alone
and to my homie screw, you know i gotta hold it down
and if they want it then they gotta come and take the crown
hahahahahaha so there you have it
sending this one out to all my drinkers and all my smokers
united and lighted we stand inebriated we fall
and if you wanna pass the sobriety and breathalyzer test
hear's a quick luda tip some packets of mustard in your car
keep mustard god damn it and whoever said the south can't rhyme