"stand up" lyrics
ludacris lyrics
"stand up"
stand up! stand up!
stand up! stand up!
when i move you move (just like that?)
when i move you move (just like that?)
when i move you move (just like that?)
hell yeah! hey dj bring that back!
(when i move you move) just like that?
(when i move you move) just like that?
(when i move you move) just like that?
(hell yeah, hey dj bring that back!)
how you ain't gon' fuck! bitch i'm me?
i'm the god damn reason you in vip
ceo you don't have to see id
i'm young, wild, and strapped like chi-ali
blaow! we ain't got nothing to worry about
whoop ass, let security carry em out
watch out for the medallion my diamonds are wreckless
feels like a midget is hanging from my neckless
i pulled up wit a million trucks
looking, smelling, feeling like a million bucks-ahh!
pass the bottles, the heat is on
we in the huddle all smoking that cheech & chong
what's wrong?! the club and moon is full
and i'm lookin for a thick young lady to pull
one sure shot way to get em outta them pants
take note to the brand new dance, like this
go on wit ya big ass! lemme see something
tell ya little friend he can quit mean mugging
i'm lit and i don't care what no one thinks
but where the fuck is the waitress at wit my drinks?!
my people outside and they can't get in
we gon' rush the back door and break em in
the owner already pissed cause we sorta late
but our time and our clothes gotta coordinate
most girls lookin right some lookin a mess
that's why they spilling drinks all over ya dress
but louis vuitton bras all over your breasts
got me wanting to put hickies all over ya chest-ahh
c'mon! we gon party tonight
y'all use mouth to mouth bring the party to life
don't be scurred, show another part of your life
the more drinks in your system the harder to fight!
stand up! stand up!
stand up! stand up!
damn right the fire marshall wanna shut us down
get us out so someone can gun us down
we was two songs away from getting some cutta
now we one song away from tearing da club up
move over! luda got something to say
do it now cause 'tomorrow' ain't promised 'today'
work wit me! let's become one with the beat
and don't worry bout me steppin all over ya feet
stand up! stand up!
stand up! stand up!
stand up! (just like that?)
stand up! (just like that?)
stand up! stand up!