"virgo" lyrics
ludacris lyrics
"virgo"
(feat. doug e. fresh, nas)
yeah.. what.. you!
uh-huh! c'mon!
yeah.. yeah, what?
nasty nas, virgo
uh-huh
l-l-ludacris, virgo
uh uh uh
doug fresh
as we go, somethin like this
nasir..
baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand
won't you come and chill out with the virgo
hey girl, just come and hold my hand
won't you come and just chill with the virgo
we sippin on merlot, you ain't got be my girl though
i drop you off at, willoughby and myrtle
smash with the virgo, ain't got to take your shirt off
you seen me convince your homegirl though
plus she says her life is too hard
she says that she wanna come and build with the god
promise that she gon' play her part
cause what i spit gets straight to her heart
and, she's damn fine, feet hammertime, damn if i mind
love is the bu-bubblin back of your waistline
i don't waste time, gotta get get on it
just you and me, two glasses, sip on patron and
in the club scene where i met ms. green eyes
she walked by askin me, "are you nas?"
why?  "if you was i'd be totally twi"
what's that?  "totally with it, t.w.i."
ha ha, well, here i am, yep i'm the man
bartender put a cosmo in that girl hand
so, here we standin before i begin
homegirl made a knot out of the cherry stem
tongue skills, yeah i like that, now we on the right track
straight to my phantom, call africa black (brrrring)
ever since then, she been yappin a track
told her friends, now they hollerin behind her back
sing!
baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand
won't you come and just chill with the virgo (that's right!)
hey girl, just come and hold my hand
won't you come and chill out with the virgo (tell 'em, tell 'em)
we sippin on merlot, you ain't got be my girl though
i drop you off at, peachtree and myrtle (uh)
smash with the virgo, ain't got to take your shirt off
you seen me convince your homegirl though
now i was, so fresh and so fly in diamonds
when i stepped up in the club even my eyes was shinin
bling!  a little cute thing said, "what's yo' name?"
i put my necklace in her face and told her read the chain
oooh ooh, so stuck up, told me shut the fuck up
blaow!  ludacris in the ho-oooh-ouse
the needle hit the record, they was playin this song
all the ladies hit the floor and it was eh eh on
live forever like fame, let the leroys dance
while i'm laid back chillin in my b-boy stance
could be a little pop lockin if your girl's top droppin
but watch for cockblockin on my coochie stock options
but later for the assdaq, throw 'em on the fast track
make 'em swip swap nasty n-a-s pass that
honey in the black cause i'm feelin her curves
he looked down at what i had and said wa wa word
why only serve one when we can serve up two
then at the bachelor's pad, doin what the virgos do
and these women so shy but get loud undercover
so we can have sex but i can't be your loverrrrrrrrrrr
buck buck buck buck buck buck
ah, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha ah ah-ah sing!
baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand
won't you come and just chill with the virgo (c'mon)
baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand
won't you come and just chill with the virgo (c'mon)
baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand
won't you come and chill out with the virgo (c'mon)
we sippin on merlot, you ain't got be my girl though (that's right)
i drop you off at, two-fifth and lex-o
smash with the virgo, ain't got to take your shirt off
seen you convince your homegirl though
they got my voice for the record and my voice for the beat
virgo proof baby run the streets
so let's go (let's go) let's go (let's go) for the beat
let's go (let's go) it's the virgo
let's go (nasty nas) let's go (ludacris)
and if you don't know, now you know - doug e. fresh