"dilla plugged in" lyrics
de la soul lyrics
"dilla plugged in"
"jay dee, please... pick up-"
("are we on the air?") uh-uh
("are we on the air?") yes, you are
("hello, ma! uhh.. i'd like to hear a new beat on the request line")
("okay, you got it. coming up..") {"get down!" - }
aiyyo, answering any alter service
perogative praised positively i'm acquitted
enemies publicly shame my utility
but after the battle they're admitting i'm with it
simply soothe will move, vinyl like groove
transistors are never more shown with like
when vocal flow brings it all down in ruins
designed with the sounds of dilla, we call it plug tunin'
("are we on the air?") we in the d tonight, y'all
("are we on the air?") we live with dilla tonight
("are we on the air?") yo, shout out to ma dukes ("hello, ma!")
aiyyo, gaze at the sight of a method
dive beneath the depth of a neverending verse
gasping and swallowing every last letter
vocalised liquid holds the quench of your thirst
reasons for the rhythm is for causes unknown
different individuals are dazzled by the showbiz
auditions are gathered but the soul would just rather
hold a count at three.. and in the end leave it as it is
flow to the sway of my do-re, mi
leaving are fixed lunatics who will hawk
words are sent to the vents of all humans
then converted to a phrase called talk
musical notes will send a new motto
every last poem is recited at noon {"get down!" - }
focus is set, let your polaroids click
as they capture the essence of dilla with this plug tunin'
("are we on the air?") we in the d tonight, y'all
("are we on the air?") we live with dilla tonight
("are we on the air?") yo, show love, it's ma dukes ("hello, ma!")
flowing in file with a new style
barrels are cleaned and loaded for salute
chanters with the choice standing steady like my mouthpiece
paragraph preacher, now introduced
drums are heard sounding off on each and every person
vocal confetti is blown at top stage
roses and violets aren't proper for throwing
when showing appreciation, why? this is a da.i.s.y. age!
hands won't sweat cause there's no threat
mic will stay dry while placin soul use
rhymes aren't fables but stable to be on time
cause they're marketed and labeled speaker 'posdnuos'
this pitch will fit with every consumer
microphone use in self will start blooming
profit and cost should never be lost
all due to the sounds of dilla, we call it plug tunin'
("are we on the air?") we in the d tonight
("are we on the air?") we live with dilla tonight, y'all
("are we on the air?") yeah, salute ma dukes ("hello, ma!")
("are we on the air?") we in the d tonight
("are we on the air?") we reppin dilla tonight, y'all
("are we on the air?") yeah, and put it up for ma dukes ("hello, ma!")
we get down tonight y'all...
{"paid the-" "jay!"}