"back down" lyrics
50 cent lyrics
"back down"
yea, g-g-g-g-g-unit! (g-unit!)
ha ha...
it's easy to see when you look at me
if you look closely, 50 don't back down
everywhere i go both coasts wit toast
eastside, westside, i hold that mack down
every little nigga you see around me
hold a gun big enough to fucking hold shaq down
next time you in the hood and see an old g
you ask about me, the young boy don't back down
any living thing that cannot co-exist with the kid
must decease existing, little nigga, now listen
yo mami, yo papi, that bitch you chasing
ya little dirty ass kids, i'll fucking erase them
your success is not enough, you wanna be hard
knowing that, you get knocked, you get fucked in the yard
youza poptart sweetheart, you soft in the middle
i eatcha for breakfast, the watch was an exchange for your necklace
and your boss is a bitch, if he could he would
sell his soul for cheap, trade his life to be suge
you can buy cars but you can't buy respect in the hood
maybe i'm so disrespectful cause to me you're a mystery
i know niggas from ya hood, you have no history
never poked nothing, never popped nothing, nigga stop fronting
jay put you on, x made you hot
now you run around like you some big shot
ha, ha pussy...
"this rap shit is all fucked up now! what are we gonna do now?
how we gonna eat man? 50 back around"
that's ja's little punk ass thinkin out loud
southside, tah died, that's just how i get down
i'm back in the game shawty, to +rule+ and conquer
you sing for hoes and sound like the cookie monster
i'm the hardest from new york, my flow is bonkers
all the other hard niggas, they come from yonkers
it's been years and you had the same niggas in the background
you never gonna sell mitsubishi tah & crack child.
them niggas they just suck, they no good
i ain't never heard a nigga say "they like them in the hood"
i'm back better than ever, on top of my game
even them country boys saying "50 we feeling you mayn"
now you stay the fuck outta my zone, outta my throne
i'm new york city's own...bad guy (bad guy)
i ain't telling anyone you pussy
i ain't telling anyone you gettin extorted
it ain't over.... (g-unit)
i've been patently waiting to blow
ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the "50 cent show"
this is my life, my pain, my night, my gun
now that i'm back, you can't sleep
i'm a nightmare huuhhhh
you hired cops to hold you down cause you fear for your life
you heard about them guns i done bought, right?
i ain't going no where, i done told you nigga
i'm a g-unit motherfucking soldier nigga (they not gonna like you)
i know, i know...ha, ha (g-unit)