"complicated" lyrics
50 cent lyrics
"complicated"
yeah!
you see a nigga soft? - my first instinct is to lean on him! (lean on him...)
a weak nigga eatin' in my hood? niggas'll put a beam on 'em! (beam on him...)
these niggas ain't s'pposed to be eatin', yo! - this sweet is sweet an' low,
i'll have 'em like shit was all good just a week ago. ("lights oooooooon! ")
let this fake niggas get you in the mood for looove,
i'm back to get you in the mood for the snub and gloooves.
dope fiend, morphine, cocaine dilemma;
crack come to cookin' up that; boy, i'm a chemist!
fuck pill poppin'; a strap, i pop that!
watch the henchman trial, see a rat rat on a rat!
you got a nice gimmick goin', you've been hot a few summers
but i got the kinda flow that'll stop world hunger.
sk, i got nothing but energy! (energy!)
call me fifty, call me "ferrari the remedy"! (remedy!)
"hi" again in case a hater don't remember me,
i happen to be what these rap niggas here pretend to be.
hittin' you won't be enough, you gotta finish me
or it's ruger time, - the sr-9!
fragments ricochet in ya ass go blind
times up, ya fucked! - gotta learn to duck. - whassup?
don't maake mee, - don't maake mee,
don't maake mee! - it seems so complicaated.
don't maake mee, - don't maake mee,
don't maake mee - show you whassup. - don't make me fuck you up!
listen! any bitch on the milk box ain't missin'
i mean some of these hoes runnin' round with pippen.
i'm writin' reality, it sounds haaarsh;
shyne tried to get at me, he say i'm waaashed!
i ain't even fire back, the shit's squuaashed.
what kind of shit is that? - this only happens in rap!
these niggas so fake, it make my skin craaawl,
hope i ain't the last real nigga up over the waaall.
ice chunks in the chain, - weight spinnin',
cream linen. - bulges from the benjamin's in 'em!
tom ford? - oh, looord!
if i ain't know better, i think a nigga push raaaw.
it feels like it's never gon' stop.
a nigga so hot! - i may spend forever on top!
"forever ever"? - forever in the drop,
you can't tell i got it on lock? - bitch!