"gun runners" lyrics
50 cent lyrics
"gun runners"
aww man...who the fuck is callin'?..
i don't even wanna answer this shit...hello?
whattup nigga it's black
remember me from way back?
we used to go to school together
man, i got your number from heather
she said you sell guns, i got beef i wanna see what you got
and if i like it i'll cop
damm nigga, you hot
you talkin' like you tryin' to get a nigga knocked
what time is it? man, it's fuckin' 4 o'clock
i shouldn't sell you shit, but son, meet me on the block
i ain't got time to waste man, where this nigga at?
i'm in the brown hooptie, there he go, i see 'em
pullin' up slow in the bm
i popped my trunk to show him what i'm workin' wit',
first i showed him the teck
i told him niggas give these shits respect
but you don't want this, man
these shits is known to jam
this is a little smaller here,
and a little more common, 9 millimeter ruger
16 shots, hollow points will go through ya
and this? this here? this is a 12 gauge mossburg kid,
two shots and you can wet like half a block
this shit here gets my dick hard,
it's a calicko, it holds a hundred shots
if you can't kill your beef with this you need to stop
c'mon, pick somethin' now nigga, you know it's hot
man, stop actin' like that nigga, just show me what you got
aight, nigga look, i got two 380's,
one black, one chrome, and 4 glocks
they all hold 21 shots
look, i done been through all my shit nigga,
so tell me what you want
(click clack)
it's hard to choose man, i think i'll take 'em all
oh, you gon' do me like that?
i got one more piece to show you, my deringer,
i keep it in the small of my back
it's a two shot, it's chrome, my initials engraved in it
look at you now, you had to get it
your bm? i'm takin' it, shit, you don't need it
park it where i can watch it at and see if it got low jack
then take it to the chop shop to my man kojak
he gon' give me more cream so i can cop mo' gats
joe and duke came through, them niggas copped two tecks
said "don't go by the gamblin' spot, that shit gon' get wet".