"i'll do anything" lyrics
50 cent lyrics
"i'll do anything"
this for the bitches nigga
i'll do - i'll, do, anything for you
i'll do, anything you want me to (i'll do do do-do do do do)
i'll do, anything (anything for you)
me? i done been around the world six times (uh-huh)
a bad bitch in every part of the world's been mine (yeah)
but you can change me, baby you can change me
oh shit, look, i'm already not the same, see? (ha ha)
shorty you make me feel brand new
i'm not runnin game girl, i swear you do
you're too cold to hold and too hot to handle
me and you girl, there's nuttin we can't do
you like girls, i like girls too, we got somethin in common
now how the hell could that be a problem?
shorty let's laugh, let's dance, let's drink, let's fuck
right here, right now, shit, we only live once
i should not be reprimanded, i cannot be blamed
my lust on level 10; i'm tryin to get it in
i'll have you cummin down your candy walls
get it wetter than niagara falls 'til you climax, that's all
they think, i'm a fool
cause i'd do so many things, for you
i'll, do anything... i'll, do anything
but they don't know the reason
it's why i do all the things i do for you
i'll, do anything... i'll, do anything
i'll do
yeah yeah yeah
i do a lot bitch!
ha ha...
i mean you should be in fuckin love with me
look all this fly shit you got
i keep a bad bitch on deck (uh-huh)
we retro drinkin, yeah sippin moet
look man - my shawty got ass for days
i smack it, sit and watch it wave (uh)
when it's stress on my brain, the head games relax the pain
so good i get to buyin her thangs
like tennis bracelets and chains, studs and diamond rangs
i'm givin her the finer thangs
that's why she don't complain
i kinda got her open mayne, i stroke that thang
on different ends of the globe
we international now, whoa
yeah, yeah
you know niggaz sayin i'm crazy, right?
it's cool though
they don't know how we get down baby
y'know?
that's me and you, you know? (i'll do)
they ain't supposed to understand it (i'll do do do-do do do)
you know i say some shit i ain't supposed to say
but you know how i feel (i'll do)
i should be a asshole whenever i feel like it (i'll do)
after - look at the shit i bought you man (i'll do do do-do do do)
c'mon man, don't give me no headache man
you a bitch when you on your period, right? (i'll do)
don't come at me with that bullshit man
(i'll do, i'll do do do-do do do)
do anything for you girl!
i'll do... anything