"london girl" lyrics
50 cent lyrics
"london girl"
ay, ay quit billin my phone bruv
you think money grows on trees?
i just got back from the u.k. - ha ha!
but i'm goin back to the u.k. - yeah
i just bought a flat in the u.k. - uh-huh
(you just got back baby today?) yeah
i just got back from the u.k. - ha ha!
but i'm goin back to the u.k. - woo!
i'm a little jetlag now, okay?
(look, the dick's rock hard baby for me)
she's my london girl - she's my, my
my london girl - she's my, my
yeah, the first time i seen her son i knew she was the shit (uh-huh)
i seen her in the v.i.p. chillin with her clique (yeah)
she hot mayne, i watched her (c'mon)
i like her style
she don't know what i'm thinkin when i'm starin at her lips
in my imagination i can see her suck the dick (yeah!)
i like that, i want that
we could do it right now
just a minute of your time, let me talk to ya love
i wan' get to know you, maybe i can call you up
then we can chit-chat 'til you let me hit that
i'll get deep 'til i hit the back of your kit-kat
you're not a freak but you'll be one when i'm done (yeah)
it's anytime, anyplace with me hon
i'm sexual, when i'm next to you
i'm a horny dog, oh my god
she's my london girl - she's my, my
my london girl - she's my, my
she's my london girl - she's my, my
my london girl - she's my, my
she's my london girl
she said she's so sophisticated, you know when she talk to me
she's such an intellectual, she make me want her sexual
give what i got, backshot
after backshot, sweat non-stop
i really like the way she move, i'm tryin to say she hot
she rodeo, she ride it good when she get on top (c'mon)
she work it, she work it (yeah)
and she be puttin it down
it looks good, yeah good enough to taste it (that good?)
a boy toy, yeah i'm what she wan' play with (ohh!)
she a cougar, got a little age on me (yeah)
but i'm experienced, that's what she don't know homie
the same ol', same ol', startin to feel different
anytime, anyplace baby i'm with it
don't stop get it, get it
collapse, relax then get right back with it
yeah...
yeah that's the shit, uhh
yeah that's my bitch, uhh
i just got back from the u.k.
i got a new bitch in the u.k.
my paper's straight, i'm okay
i just got back nigga today
50, you fuckin with the #1 nigga now
you know it! i'm international jack
you understand what i'm sayin nigga?
anywhere around the globe
international gangsta shit
you heard me? i'm a pop sensation
when i cock that and pop that you gon' understand what i'm sayin
ohhh!