"new day" lyrics
50 cent lyrics
"new day"
(feat. dr. dre & alicia keys)
it don't take much strength to pull a trigger
but try and get up every morning day after day and work for a living
let's see 'em try that
then we'll see who's the real tough guy
the working man is the tough guy
party people say, party people say, "ay,
it's a new day, it's a new day"
the world is gettin' ready, everybody ready, yeah!
for a new day, for a new day,
celebrate and say ay ay ay...
i woke up this morning thinking 'bout the old me
when i was feeling like, miller lite and oe
but now i ride on some conscious shit
i'm getting bread while i toast to my accomplishments
only one i can have a problem with is myself
it's probably why my only competition is myself
from today to tomorrow
the doctor just rock to the same drum
fuck the past, though i ain't forgot where i came from
i got the club rockin', uh
i got your girl jockin, uh
me and fif' still in this biz, bitch
we going the distance with you party people, come on
party people say, party people say, "ay,
it's a new day, it's a new day"
the world is gettin' ready, everybody ready, yeah!
for a new day, for a new day,
celebrate and say ay ay ay...
now you can get your knees on the church floor, pray it get better
or push the door on the liquor store, see where it gets ya
but me i got to be on top
i said me i get to be on top
i got the street on lock
i'm on automatic pilot, ain't nobody stopping me
growing up in poverty ain't filled my heart with larceny
niggas ride, i don't hide, i dump to get 'em off of me
i'm a leader, good to see the natural born boss of me
they from bel air, i'm from the bottom
soon as i spot 'em i get to drop 'em
i got 'em i cut my piece and i dot 'em
it's dinner time when the 9 come out
it's off the chain off, off the brain move
bang, off with ya brain
party people say, party people say, "ay,
it's a new day, it's a new day"
the world is gettin' ready, everybody ready, yeah!
for a new day, for a new day,
celebrate and say ay ay ay...
clocks on the wall
it's now or never at all
i'm gonna give it my all, oh
whether i rise or fall, oh
true story, i said i'd get rich or die trying
i did it, good luck sucker, trying to stop my shine
nothing matters but the music, music my first love
we paper chasin', i'm always coming in first, cuz
i'm built for it, see i'm better under pressure
i react like a maniac when i'm coming to get ya
i got to win, em watch and dre watch and my son watching
fuck that, losing ain't an option
i'm sharp i'm on point
the ink from my ballpoint
throwing out my pain
i'm back on my a-game
i'm focused, for me this is just another victory
except that i'm stronger than an ox now mentally
party people say, party people say, "ay,
it's a new day, it's a new day"
the world is gettin' ready, everybody ready, yeah!
for a new day, for a new day,
celebrate and say ay ay ay...