"niggas be' schemin'" lyrics
50 cent lyrics
"niggas be' schemin'"
(feat. kidd kidd)
nah, nah, nah! look here, nigga!
here's what the fuck you gotta do, you gotta... clean this mothafucka!
make sure this don't fuckin' jam, man!
you're a fuckin' criminal, man, ya heard?
bet' y'all spilt somethin' on it, nigga.
niggas be schemin', - fiendin'...
they cut your jooks, they off the hook;
i come through there, look how they look! (how they look!)
i'm ridin', leanin', they dreamin'...
they do me dirty if they could,
i'm lookin' like i wish you would! (i wish you would!)
{try me, go 'head! - try me!}
niggas be schemin', - dreamin'...
{try me, have you hooked to i-v!}
niggas be schemin', - dreamin'! {huuuuuhh!}
mad niggas wan' do me dirty, i'm fresh out the tub! (i'm fresh out the tub!)
you move like a snail, you deserve to catch a slug.
man, i wake up huggin' my bitch;
one with the extended clip, not the one that i'm with;
uh!  - if you all made men, then you know shit real;
they got change on the mic', i ain't tryna see 'em killed!
i told 'em that's my cause, i don't wanna see nothin' happen to him, (word!)
cause when i start spittin' at him, i ain't rappin' to him. (huuuuh!)
yeah, i'm jumpin' in that water like a diver
six shot survivors, school of hard knock scholars! (scolars!)
these niggaz ain't riders, they hiders, they cowards! (cowards!)
i feel like 50, - hold "power of the dollar"!
i told my nigga give me one of them bulletproof trucks;
i want few dumb enough to try and shoot it up.
i'm lookin' at the nigga lettin' off
wait until you finish the clip. - laugh then pulled off; huuuuuh! (uh-huuuuuh!)
it sounds like a nightmare! - i graduated from fightin';
play the projects faster than the third of two man indictments.
see my baby blue ferrari make 'em feel like the virus
in their stomach. - i keep it one hundred, i make 'em vomit!
got a code name for straps: - "the sacks in the trumpet";
i get the blowin'. - ya ears'll ring for days when i dump it!
my bullet wounds call them beauty marks and my hole we don't talk to narcs;
so the first 48 the clock tickin', the plot thickens!
the charge "cocaine possession", i'm creepin' with a fireaaarm;
the d's don't even wanna see me - with a firearm.
'fore i go back again, i'm a let it off!
they ain't gotta pop first, fuck that! i'm a set it off.
i need a mental eval, something's wrong with my brainwaves;
i'm rich as a motherfucker, still ridin' with a a-k!
picture me comin' through, lettin' a nigga play me
when i got all this bread. - bitch it's off with ya head! - asap! (asap!)
i had to be slippin' to let this clown hit me up;
now i got to walk around with this shit bag for months!
now i don't give a fuck 'bout a bitch or a nigga
startin' to treat my own brothers like they're just another nigga!
my click got smaller and my clips got big-ger;
condom on my heart. - mother-fuck your feelings!
they call me "superman", see? i ain't 'posed to walk;
better watch how you talk or get popped like a cork - off!
see they ain't real as they seem and they schemin',
they fiendin' and dreamin', they geekin' and creepin'!
they hear tires screechin', - infrared beamin'!
niggaz head leakin', what the fuck was he thinkin'?
sounds of police, momma signin' new leases,
you know you got to relocate her when you beefin'!
i guess you're here for a real reason,
rah got hit like he got hit but he ain't fuckin' breathin'! - uhh!