"p.i.m.p. (g-unit remix)" lyrics
50 cent lyrics
"p.i.m.p. (g-unit remix)"
(feat. snoop dogg, g-unit)
i don't know what you heard about me
but a bitch can't get a dollar outta me
no cadillac, no perms, you can't see
that i'm a motherfuckin' p.i.m.p.
now shorty, she in the club, she dancin' for dollars
she got a thing for that gucci, that fendi, that prada
that bcbg, burberry, dolce & gabbana
she's feeding fools fantasies, they pay her cause they want her
i spit a little g man and my game got her
a hour later have that ass up in the ramada
them trick niggaz in they ear sayin' they think about her
i got the bitch by the bar tryin' to get a drink up out her
she like my style, she like my smile, she like the way i talk
she from the country, she like me cause i'm from new york
i ain't that nigga trying to holla cause i want some head
i'm that nigga tryin' to holla cause i want some bread
i could care less how she perform when she in the bed
bitch hit the track, catch a date, and come pay the kid
look baby, this is simple you can't see
you fuckin' with me you fuckin' with a p.i.m.p.
g (what?)
g (what?)
g (what?)
g (what?)
g (what?)
g (what?)
g (what?)
unit (what?)
f-i-f-t-y c-e-n-t and s-n double o-p
doggy style in ya mouth for the 2003
and y'all know i'm from the dpg
f-i-f-t-y c-e-n-t and s-n double o-p
we internationally known and locally respected
(and you know you're just a p.i.m.p) now what you know about me
yeah bitch i got my now and later gators on
i'm bout to show you how my pimp hand is way strong
your dead wrong if ya think that pimpin' gon' die
twelve piece with a hundred hoes by my side
i'm down with that nigga fifty like i down with blue
(we love you snoop dogg)
g-u-n-i-tizzy, fuckin' with me and the d-p-gizzy
niggaz in new york know how doggy get down
i got my niggaz in queens, i got my bitches uptown
i got my business in manhattan, i ain't fuckin' around
i got some butter pecan, puerto ricans from the boogie down (down)
that's waitin' on me to return
so they can snatch these braids out and put my hair in a perm, word
they love it when i get to crippin'
and spittin' this mag-ah-ni-ficent pimpin
you need to switch over and ride with a star
it'll get you far
i'm a p-i-m-p g-a-n-g-s-t-e-r
yeah, i'm young, but i ain't dumb
got some tricks, but i ain't one
i'm a guerrilla for scrilla, i trip you, you try to run
i let em' do as they please, as long as they get my cheese
even if they gotta freeze, or if it's a hundred degrees
i keep em' on they knees, take a look under my sleeve
i ain't gotta give em' much, they happy with mickey d's, pimp
we keep it pimpin' in the south, you know how it go (dirty, dirty)
we drive old school white walls with mink clothes
i spin the g-unit piece, and get em' dizzy
man cough up your love, or you're girl comin' with me
when your neck and wrist glow, she already should know
that money make the world go round, so lets get mo'
its time to show these playas how it should be done
you got pimp potential, you're might could be one, g-unit
in hollywood, they say there's no b'ness like show b'ness
in the hood, they say, there's no b'ness like ho b'ness
you know, they say i talk a lil' fast, but if you listen a lil' faster
i ain't got to slow down for you to catch up, bitch