"suicide watch" lyrics
50 cent lyrics
"suicide watch"
hallo? oh, shit nigga! oh, shiit!
fuck is going on?
when i die fuck it, i wanna go to hell!
i'm a piece of shit it ain't hard to fucking tell! (yeah!)
crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
i know my momma wish she got a fucking abortion! (yeah!)
when i die fuck it, i wanna go to hell!
i'm a piece of shit it ain't hard to fucking tell! (uh-huh!)
crime after crime, from drugs to extortion!
i know my momma wish she got a fucking abortion! (whooo, whooo, whoooooooooooo!)
some niggas is broke! - tryna be on some dumb shit.
me? i'm a grunt - comfortable in that conflict!
go 'head nigga stunt! - it's cool 'til i get on it, (uh-huh!)
you can keep the blunt but the chain nigga we want it! (take it!)
to all the? jux? or whatever you wanna call it, (yeah!)
call the police and get hit with a clip for it!
ya know how i move! - that semi be on my waistline, (whooo!)
ain't nobody ever gave me shit, nigga i take mine! (yeah!)
i run in your crack house, mack out! screaming: "go 'head make me!" (uh-huh!)
duck tape! you, the fiends and that snotty nose baby! (aahhhh!)
calm down and cooperate! - 'fore i hit you with some shit that doc' operate
for hours you coward! (whooooooo-whoooooooooooooooooo!)  {damn!}
when i die fuck it, i wanna go to hell!
i'm a piece of shit it ain't hard to fucking tell! (hahaa!)
crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
i know my momma wish she got a fucking abortion! (aaaaaaahhhhhhhh!)
when i die fuck it, i wanna go to hell! {can't forget...}
i'm a piece of shit it ain't hard to fucking tell! {light the barber!} (yeah!)
crime after crime, from drugs to extortion! {southside!}
i know my momma wish she got a fucking abortion!
i try to keep it keep it cool, he hobby niggas make the rhyme (eh-heh!)
i split ya fucking head, yeah that would stop ya ass from whining! (yeeah!)
baby i'm delusional, distorted, no defying! (hahaaa!)
you think you can play me? pussy go 'head nigga {god-...} try it! (aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!) {damn!}
i fell i broke my arm i felt pain wen i was six,
they kill mommy, at it by 12 i was selling nicks!
see me i'm a survivor; i tell nigga suck a dick! (yeah!)
and niggas know i'm strapped; so they ain't saying shit! (shit!)
me, i'm a party pooper;  i be fucking up for fun, (uh-huh!)
these niggas wanna stunt  i wan' get at 'em with a gun! (yeah!)
since a lil' nigga i been on the same shit,
don't act like something new when niggas getting hit. - whattup big? {50 cent!}
when i die fuck it, i wanna go to hell! (uh-huh)
i'm a piece of shit it ain't hard to fucking tell! (whaat?)
crime after crime, from drugs to extortion (yeah!) {can't forget...}
i know my momma wish she got a fucking abortion! (rrrrrrrrrr!) {nelson!}
when i die fuck it, i wanna go to hell!
i'm a piece of shit it ain't hard to fucking tell! (hahaaahhh!) {g-unit!}
crime after crime, from drugs to extortion!
i know my momma wish she got a fucking abortion!
i'm notoriousssss!
biggie ain't around now you need me alright!
i'm notoriousssss!
you can chill with 'pac, nigga in your next life!
i'm notoriousssss!
it's 50 nigga!
i'm back mashed
whassup?
man this shit getting ready to change man!
telling you mayne!
muthafuckin' gangstas can't do the skanky leg!
what's next mayne?
you gon be dropping it low like a stripper? !
ahh, shit!
i'm tryna fit in and i ca'nt fit in!
damn!
i'm back baby!
aaahhh!    {"forever king"!}