"this is murder not music" lyrics
50 cent lyrics
"this is murder not music"
i'm on a hard bench, tryna' sleep in the pen
man, how the fuck did i get here again?
first thing in a morning, it's the fuck shit
they called the case, i got confronted by a tough snitch
he told me do it, 1 click, you ain't tell me to do it
you ain't a shooter, you a sherm nigga, you fuckin' loser
i fly a kite, my little man cut his sister up
he loves his bitch, you snatch her, he'll start switching up
i'm cool, i just wait for my next court day
i bet he catch amnesia, then do this shit at leisure
surrounded by blood, crips, kings, and yetis
gym stars open niggas up like barettas
i'm tryna' be easy
but every now and then i gotta put it in, please believe me
you get to looking at me strange, i'm prepared jack
or buck 50, keep the change he can wear that
this is murder this is not music
i had your style 10 years ago
i just didn't use it
you niggas forgot how i do it
well i do it like there' nothin' to it
ye, all i'mma do is this. i'mma keep countin' money
i don't give a fuck if it make you sick to see a nigga win
i'mma make you watch me win over and over again
you already know what it is with me motherfucker
this year, goddamn it, you motherfuckers is making me lose count man
gotta start this shit over, i'm licking my fingers
i'm gettin'... i got 100 dollar bills, for real nigga
all i'mma do is this man. you hear that sound in the background?
i'mma do this shit till my thumb get tired
i'mma take a break when i get past your momma house nigga
when i count more than your momma house
i'mma take a break.  hand me that money over there
what we gon' do? all year long. it's back to 50, you already know
get the money, and shut the fuck up
watch me do what i'm doin', cause niggas can't stop nothin' that i'm doin',
nothing i'm doing. right after you get in the way
we gon' start shooting again like it's nothing changed
we went through that whole "kumbaya my lord
let's be friends by the fire". it's over nigga
back to the script, you know how this shit go
how much is that? oooh, if you could see me right now
i got a alligator on nigga!
you, you think it should go different? see that's where you go wrong
when you think... who the fuck asked you to think nigga!?
now you think that, writing comments and tweeting
and your hashtags and... you know what the fuck you do nigga
let me do what i do.