"tia told me (rick ross diss)" lyrics
50 cent lyrics
"tia told me (rick ross diss)"
you won't believe what tia told me (you ain't gonna believe this shit nigga!!!!)
your fuckin career is over homey (your done it's a wrap nigga!!!!)
officer rickyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm back baby i'm back back on my bullshit
i'm back movin around strapped with a full clip
these rap niggas they back talkin that back talk
i stab a hole in your fat back with the black hawk
who got your back now ricky huh?! who got your back?
i got the black on black louis sack, filled up with the straps
navy blue cts leanin in the 'lac
way back i mean wayyyyyyyyyyyy back
back in the days it was ok to fuck with me
now you say the wrong shit niggas hit ya up for me
wait! let me tell ya what your baby told me
you ain't got a street bone in your whole body
your not, who you think you are
with your gun and your badge you think your hard
actin like your movin blow in the streets
nigga where i'm from we gotta hustle to eat, and you the police
you won't believe what tia told me, your fuckin career is over homey
officer rickyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
officer rickyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shut the fuck up!!!!! we don't wanna hear your mafia tough talk
that fake fuck boy shit don't fly in new york
you wanna listen to joe? you wanna listen to khaled?
fine, i'll just fuck everybody up while i'm at it
first, it's we the best, then it's we depressed
after this shit flop there like damn we stressed
we a mess he's not the nigga to test
it's ninety degrees out here and we gotta wear a vest
call me crazy go 'head call me crazy
me and your baby mama 'gon get intimate maybe
imagine how she felt when she seen how i lived
when i use the intercom to find niggas in my crib
hey! i'm the biggest boss she seen thus far
my money comin in the mornin so i'm up with russ par
early in the mornin turn your radio on
50 bout to come on, you missin the joint
you won't believe what tia told me (man you ain't 'gon believe this shit!!)
your fuckin career is over homey (your done ricky!!!)
officer rickyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
officer rickyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i just feel like i'm showin off now!!!! i mean i'm rich nman!!!!
i have disposable cash, i be hangin out with russell! we do yoga!!!
to relax! you know i have a temper problem!!! you know!!!
i talked to l.a. reid, i said awwwwwwwwwww man!!!!!!
l.a. i mean rick ross is finished!!!!!!!
i mean i have to help him out with somethin over there
because i'm disposin of him, but a, i mean, it will be fine, we'll work it out
you know, it's just politics, ha ha!!!!!!!!!!!
you won't believe what tia told me (you won't believe it!!!!)
your fuckin career is over homey (tia's diary!!!)
officer rickyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(it's deeper than rap march 24th!!!!!!!!!)
officer rickyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(shut the fuck up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)