"to all my niggas" lyrics
50 cent lyrics
"to all my niggas"
(feat. notorious b.i.g.)
shadyville entertainment, bad boy collaboration
i love niggas! i love niggas!
cause niggas are me!
and i should only love that 'presents me
i love to see niggas go through changes (whoooo!!)
i love to see niggas shoot through shit (did it again)
and to all niggas that do it i love
to all my brooklyn (niggas!)
to all my uptown (you niggas understand?!)
to all my bronx (it's war nigga)
to all my queensbridge (i'll blow you away)
back up chump, you know biggie smalls grips it quick
and kicks it quick, you know how black niggas get
with the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees
smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy g's
hittin' buckshots at niggas that open spots
on the avenue, take my loot, and i'm baggin you
pimpin hoes that drive volvo's and rodeos
flash the roll, make her wet, in her pantyhose
damn, a nigga style is unorthodox
grip the glock, when i walk down the crowded blocks
just in case a nigga wanna act out
i just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out
that's a real nigga for ya
we the realest nigga
50 cent and b.i.g. my nigga
don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga
biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga
squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho!
when we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths
just in case dread wanna riff
he get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very
not your ordinary, we watch you get buried
that's a real nigga for ya
get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer
spit at the d.a. cause fuck what she say
she don't give a fuck about your ass anyway
up north found first stop for the town
of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill
you'll be a super hoover doo-doo stain remover
ha hahhh, yo g, pass the ruler
when i was young my m.o. was to go hand to hand
and even my p.o. she called me the ginger bread man
i cut ya new case, and tell her ass "catch me if you can"
don't let your people feel your awkward
i tame i'm not lame
get gassed up to get blast up
real b.i.g. style watch the kid break it down
check it, thou shalt not fuck wit north seed papa
50 cent, i'll break yo punk ass off propa'
this new place like home, new york - new york
i run this city, i don't dance around like diddy
niggas is giddy, till they smack silly
or spray wit the mack milly, they don't want drama really
pushy niggas get hard lip syncing my lyrics like milly vanilly
even the hood they feel me  hah! i'm on fire!
niggas out in philly they feel me, they bump my shit
even bootlegged you know, bump my shit, bitch!