"doin' dirt bad" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"doin' dirt bad"
(feat. b-legit)
mobb shit biatch.
biatch!! biatch!!
this shit ain't went no where. (trademark)
you understand me?? (uh!)
it's like, when a muthafucka do his dirt,
it don't be no ordinary dirt, you understand me??
a nigga do dirt bad. check it out.
i took a, i took a, whole thang of ice cream,
a kilogram of birdie a unit,
put the wammy on it, stepped on it, wit out ruinin it, or abusin it,
like a muthafucka would supposed to
when there's a shortage on sumpthin, (on sumpthin),
that way i could get em off like hot cakes,
an you know there's plenty more where that comes from,
you see i know this one storage place that this one particular ball-ah,
sneekin an keepin his job-ah,
for you tardy unaware troopers
now hoppin in the game truant ass niggas,
biatch!! biatch!! yadda means powder
yola, yola, ice cream candy,
man that shit be comin in handy,
but anyway,
dude hella bootsy an he was juss askin to get robbed,
that's why me an my side went ahead
an pulled one of them 'ol inside jobs,
on his 'ol, move the show room,
show me more willie fu-fu put the red on his,
put two on the ten, all protected an tryin to impress a bitch,
don't you know i'm all off pullin licks
on busta brown ass zarks like you,
scopin an casin 2-11's an holdin patience
i huddle wit the dogs up on defense day,
lieutenants get the kicks, backwoods of the yay,
soldiers leave the place, so the cream i keep,
six or seven g's everytime i beep,
hit the streets like i can't, plot fo the bank,
fuck wit a boss, cuz a pit got rank,
make yo body stank, leave you lost in the woods,
a nigga from the hood, up to no damn good,
we ride fleetwood, hit 'em dummied out,
walk a clerk to the safe, an get the money out,
i'm on a money route, and all cash i claim
a nigga deep in this muthafuckin game.
187, 211, 1-2-0-2-2's,
we doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad,
457, 6-4-7-11, 3-5-0,
we doin' dirt, niggaz doin' dirt bad,
we doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad,
we doin' dirt, niggaz doin' dirt bad,
we doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad,
we doin' dirt.
b-legit from what i understand, his breath was stronger than his bite
(beeeeee-yaaaaatch!!!) nigga was sellin mo wolf tickets
than a sold out lennox lewis an evander holyfield fight, shit
we ain't no strong or soft niggaz, we savage damn it,
like who?? like the crocodile hunter,
that crazy ass muthafucka named steve,
who caught me doin' dirt, cuz i'm dirt cheap,
an i like to do most of my dirt when most of y'all be asleep
down an dirty, 'specialy when i'm doin' dirt bad,
pull akickdoe, run up in yo baby mama's pad.
i been it down from day uno,
baby bottle full of pruno,
knew i was the shit named b-legit,
had a thang fo bakin soda, an high info,
couldn't wait to put the vogues on a 7-8 rogue,
i'm on a telephone, my communicator,
on the track wit the team, gettin hella paper,
fuck a playa hata, see he cheats to win
an me, i be the b-soft gin,
cuz i'm the man wit it,
got the taste of blood,
so dirty when i'm wet that i turn to mud,
i smoke purple bud,
an make a hit hurt bad,
ain't no tellin when a nigga doin' dirt bad.
40-50, 45, 4-7-0,
we doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad,
457, 6-4-7-11's 3-5-0,
we doin' dirt, uh, niggaz doin' dirt bad,
we doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad,
we doin' dirt, niggaz doin' dirt bad,
we doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad,
niggaz doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad.
biatch!!
we doin' dirt bad, me and charlie hustle,
niggaz push up on us cuz now we got the muscle,
got they yay sewed up
an you gonna have to see us,
either that or get hit, wit the millimeters,
keep my burners on,
ain't no peace out here,
a good place to leave yo whole fuckin career,
so keep yo game near,
an don't cross game,
until the list have your own fuckin name.
them badgers,
them bitches,
them batches,
the got my faulty tapped,
but the po-po's hate it,
cuz i be talkin in code,
street slang, so they can't interpretate it,
an the only way that they gonna be able to interpretate
it is if they go out and get a reliable source,
which is a snitch, a fuckin affidavit
one that gives up very important valuable information to the vice
a rathead, a rathead, turns in they mama for the right price
money hungry for bread, you wussy, willow ass,
bitch-made niggaz workin for them,
it's hoes like you that got us doin' dirt bad.
biatch!!
187, 211, 1-2-0-2-2's,
we doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad,
457, 6-4-7-11, 3-5-0,
we doin' dirt, niggaz doin' dirt bad,
we doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad,
we doin' dirt, niggaz doin' dirt bad,
we doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad,
niggaz doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad.
biiiiiiiiii-aaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaaa-tch!!