"doin' the fool" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"doin' the fool"
(feat. pastor troy, al kapone, too short, pimp c)
nigga up in this motherfucker
i mean i been fuckin with this motherfuckin burgundy carpet pimpin
what about you pimpin, i mean i know you fuckin around with that
purple bag youknowhatimean? that crown royal, oh boy!
i mean, we got, we got a whole bunch of player-ass niggaz
up in this m'uhfucker right here today
we got that nigga.. e-feezy, too $hort, knahmean
pimp c up in this motherfucker, nigga pastor troy
damn fool.. i hits free (free) it ain't wholesale
just got through hittin it so well, at a hotel
but don't tell (don't tell) i cuss your fuckin ass out bitch
fuck yo' drunk-ass and watch you pass out bitch (beitch)
and when you wake up, i tell you anything
you fucked me so good bitch, you deserve a wedding ring
i practice what i preach, ridin vogues and findin hoes
i told her i'd buy some clothes, but i'd be lyin to hoes
i ain't buyin her shit, bitch i can't do that
i had to jump in my car, and call you a cab
cause i'm out.. you know i'm all about fuckin hella good
take the rubber off i'm in your mouth comin to a town (beatch)
near you, real soon..
infiltratin hoes nigga, we some real fools (real fools)
and it's true, and baby girl knows it too
ask her shit, she'll tell you how i do it fool
doin the fool! - ain't no love motherfucker we breakin the rules
doin the fool! - niggaz like me ain't got nuttin to lose
doin the fool! - we servin you haters straight off the top
doin the fool! - just to let you know this shit don't stop
okay okay up next, oh, it's the boss, from the home of the braves
down here chillin with e-40 cause it's time to get paid
c'mon, actin a fool, cause y'all know how i'ma do
she fucked me, pimp c, and $hort too
i drank no brew, it's remi, that special kind
don't fuck with who?  my nigga, you out yo' mind
fresh off the grind, my niggaz is the killers
actin a fool bout this motherfuckin scrilla
no one no trill'a, but tell them, i'm down mayne
go grab my leather, and get into some gangster shit
so if it's cool, it's cool..
but just that quick, i act a fool..
but i ain't never been a sucker
i ain't never been a mark
i ain't never been a busta
i ain't never been a simp, potnah i always had heart
papered up hustlin never 'posed to handcuff a beaotch, mon
pimp to the hoe, protect the trick beaotch, mon
be extra mannish (extra mannish) get some skull
purple bag, crown royal (royal)
gotcha beaotch actin mannish, think she spoiled (spoiled)
i'ma camoli all over her body, she used to that
potnah big 40 had it like that
cadillac (cadillac) sittin on buttons, 32 valve
the dts (dts) half a gallon to the mile
platinum chest (platinum chest) lite brite, love to smile
what a mess (what a mess) horny fucked me on my desk
kitchen tile (kitchen tile) then she swallowed up the rest
ask me how (ask me how) a fat ass cum shot on her breast
she said, "it's been a while since i had sex" (what she say?)
she said, "it's been a while since i had sex" (what she say?)
(she said, oooh oooh.. oh boy!)
.. c'mon c'mon, okay okay! ..
.. c'mon c'mon ..
comin down in candy car, smokin on some candy bar
everyday i'm choppin blades, comin through on old school maids
got in this game so heavily, just like frankie beverly
silly nigga that southern girl
put cocaine up in your world
cause i'm a young ass nigga on the slab
comin through in a whippin nav'
i used to be out on the ave
but now all my keys got the midas stamp
change my name to sweet charles
smell like sixty-four dollar cologne
comin down in burgundy brougham
and i keep a chip off in my phone
sweet charles, bitch!  hold up
smoke somethin..
.. c'mon c'mon ..