"earl that's yo' life" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"earl that's yo' life"
(feat. too $hort)
earl.. whassup mayne?
it's yo' potnah short dawg
you know we come a long way baby
(from the ground up)
oh they love the way us players ball
no doubt, that's how we do this
it's all about you mayne
it's yo' life, let 'em know somethin
i come from where they pop they collars
and couldn't be saved by creflo dollar
cause i'll probably never ever see the pearly gates
at the pace i'm goin now, it'll be too late
can y'all taste it? go on and smell it
you know what that is? well it's sucker repellant
i spray myself with it every morning, you dig?
i spray myself right before i leave the crib
hot ones echo through the ghetto, bullets ricochet
i'm bendin corners in my cadillac escalade
it's summertime and i'm scorchin, fuck a bulletproof
i'm hella keyed and i'm perkin off that num-num juice
i'm in the traffic with my music on storm
got a ticket just for blowin my, horn (ba-baaa, ba-ba-ba-baa-baaaa)
out the window, pinkie ring, princess cut
five carat stone, ice around my neck
lookin like some chrome, be at yo' best
we don't play checkers no more, we play chess
one-trey twice double-oh block
h-i-double-l side-shot
all about my fetti y'all
one-time want to see me fall
it's obvious i'm humongous
acres, cars and businesses
all about my fetti y'all
bank account got to be tall
diamonds on my wrists and shit
tycoon stickin to the script, beotch!
earl, that's yo' life
ooohhhhh earl, that's yo' life
earl, that's yo' life
ooohhhhh earl, that's yo' liii-iiii-iiii-iiii-iife
straight up out the yay (out the yay)
the realest nigga you done talked to all day
it's a (drought season), (out smart the po-po's)
cookin birdies in the kitchen, with c-bo
from livin nappy, e'rybody know me!
used to sell taffy, white girl nasal candy
used to dress tacky, just so i can bank they dome
slick 'em, make 'em think i'm broke
use the dope game as a stepping stone
from corporate now it's nextel walkie-talkies
i'm the one that really named them faulty chips faulty (faulty chips faulty)
i got the gift of gab, i'm off the choo choo track
i want the fetti, fuck the fame, y'all can have that
all about my fetti y'all
one-time want to see me fall
that's right
it's obvious i'm humongous
acres cars and businesses
you can't stop the tycoon
all about my fetti y'all
bank account got to be tall
diamonds on my wrists and shit
you can't stop e-feezy, beyatch
the street life, (ballin outta control)
my (million dollar spot), way too cold
so many (record haters), my (back against the wall)
when i was growin up i seen a lot of (rappers ball)
(bring the yellow tape), (it's on, on sight)
you wanna squash the funk?  shoot me a peace kite
where the party at? who got that (carlos rossi)?
who in my (drinkin' club)? fire up some broccoli
i'm (fed) ex'n, heavy duty nigga, pushin weight
from sardines and spam to teriyaki steak
i looked the game in the eye, the game looked at me back
told me to sell my triple beam, and start rap
one-time want to see me fall
it's ob-vious i'm humungous
acres cars and businesses
all about my fetti y'all
bank account got to be tall
diamonds on my wrists and shit
tycoon stickin to the script, beotch!
you know what i said
what'd you say pimpin?
short dawg
short deezy
oh i ride with my potnah
nigga i ride with you too pimpin
bumpin them woofers like this
boom boom boom boom!!!
can't smell this funk, we been doin this
been doin it
you know i love these new niggaz man
i love when they get on that paper chase
right, right, right right right right right..
so far, they can't do this
can't do this
not like this
uh-huh, nah
we talkin limousines and mansions
limousines, mansions
got to keep these hoes dancin
got to keep 'em dancin, dirty dancin
bitches love us
they love us.. what they do?
they love us
that's right pimpin