"ghetto celebrity" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"ghetto celebrity"
(feat. suga t)
ghetto celebriteeeeeee... ooooh
(you ain't heard shit, you ain't did shit
'til you got yo' wig split)
from a nobody nigga, to a ghetto celebriteeeeee..
{nobody.. nobody}
from a nobody nigga, to a ghetto celebriteeeeee..
(you ain't did shit, you ain't heard shit
'til you got yo' wig split)
from a nobody nigga, to a ghetto celebriteeeeee..
{nobody.. nobody}
ahhh (ahhhh)
i got three (three) fifty (fifty) seven, reasons
that are criminals, thugs, hoodlums, heathens
smoke wet, daddies, sherm, high
bloop bloop dip dip water water fry
crack, cocaine yola, bloody sheets
they brought it in on a plane, and i put it on my streets
1300 block, magazine
40 in the kitchen cookin, ice cream
zippers, zones, her-on and hubba rocks
gotta little kids to the front yard runnin around distractin the cops
skirts, breezies felines, hootchies shorties
playaz pimpin, gettin blunted and drankin forties
chevies cougars, firebirds, falcons and fairlanes
monte carlos, mavericks, novas and ford mustangs
bout them dollars (bout them dollars)
sittin on twinkies (sittin on twinkies)
need a half a key?  need to come see me, mr. local celebrity
from a nobody nigga, to a ghetto celebriteeeeee..
from a nobody nigga, ghettofab is the word
{nobody.. nobody} (mmmmmmm, ghetto celebrity!)
from a nobody nigga, to a ghetto celebriteeeeee..
from a nobody nigga, ghettofab is the word
{nobody.. nobody} (ghetto celebrity)
from a nobody nigga, to a ghetto celebriteeeeee..
from a nobody nigga, ghettofab is the word
{nobody.. nobody} (mmmmmmm, ghetto celebrity!)
from a nobody nigga, to a ghetto celebriteeeeee..
from a nobody nigga, ghettofab is the word
{nobody.. nobody} (ghetto celebrity)
beotch!  fo' a.m., tryin to make some bank
with a bulletproof apron, cookin the crank
in apartment letter c, building number three
where ery'body and their grandma be
but everybody know me though, we folks
mustard and mayonnaise, zeniths and vouges
ain't no, snitch codes
just pimps and playaz, hookers and hoes
only problem that we haaaaave, is with the man
cause a couple of months ago they went up in one of my methamphetamine labs
double-oh-g shit, we rides, hardtops and trucks
empty the clip dere, high speeds, dumpin on the cops
mad doggin like the grinch, who did what? who stole christmas
attitude over there by the fence butt-naked
toe-tagged him, that's how they found yo' dirt
damn, uh-ohh, shit, hold him up
the homey from the block just got busted for robbin an armed truck
assed out, to' up, stupid stuck
without a doubt, shit out of luck (shit out of luck)
i ain't no fictionary rhymer, fool i'm a timah
ever since i came out of my, momma's vagina
been smokin tweed since nine, but i got too used to her
now i be powderin my nose, with some of that there sugar booka
my g's tell me i'm out of line but my head is all i can see
i know some timahs that been snortin for years, and they still sharpest
dude you know the game let me explain you can take some notes (notes)
i never hung around kids, just grown folks
when it's a drought in the town, we sell bomb
and let our boys drive our cars to the prom
vipers, bentleys, jaguars, drop-top mercedes
porsches, lincolns, ferraris, volvo s-80's
stretchers, choppers, heat mizers and m-16's
sk's, sawed off shotguns, ar-15's
ak's, fresh out the box, the choo choo train (the choo choo train)
po-po, left it unlocked, now that's some game!
you know, that i know, that you know who i be
need a half a key, nigga come see me, mr. local celebrity, uhhh
never forget a big timah.. ghetto celebrity
don't forget me when you.. ghetto celebrity
hustlin, money.. ghetto celebrity
do what you gotta do.. ghetto celebrity