"i like what you do to me" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"i like what you do to me"
(feat. b-legit, steve scales)
good things come to those
who stays on they toes
don't you e-ver stop
al-ways keep it hot
potnah this bubonic cuts, that other shit is high
fuck what you talkin about, throw me that childproof lighter
oh youse a smoker huh?  then go on and flame
i heard you got some shit and heard it come from spain
naw, amsterdam, i got it from the hemp man
bought the weed cause i love what it do to me
five o'clock in the traffic and i be fiendin
without the bomb nigga life has no meanin
okay.. see i be krunkin(?) to profession in american-o(?)
cristal brothers brandy all down the throat
steady dippin call me funk master flex
ass since mom and daddy had sex
got yo' nigga daydreamin, smebbin in a check-u
floatin in a cloud, music up hella loud
proud to be in the land of the lights and the beer
got me where i ain't carin
.. because i like what you doin to me
.. because i like what you doin to me
it's like this and that to fuckin with your dick on hard
and nigga ain't no pebble beach in my backyard
rackateerin, smearin, no foreseein
shit folks ain't even used to hearin
we break bread with the (?), thick ass bitch with the tits
and the anus, off the english, how her body speak her own language
and it's cool when she speakin to me
i let the hoochie run through me
i seen him walkin in the rain
i guess the nigga owe too much to the game
they say the nigga used to drive a mustang
i'm thinkin potnah musta went against the grain like a lane
i cross artists?  no not b-legit
catch nine of the last ten in my clip
don't trip, a bitch can't do in me
but i be likin what she doin to me
.. because i like what you doin to me
.. because i like what you doin to me
just think, i used to have to flip cabbage
and now i ride in a nine-seven whip caddy
meal game, they call me by my stage name
hella g's when i spit this game
but just think, i used to sell them weights
but now i'm all off into real estates, huh
we put our city on the map, raise clientele
made it so niggaz can be proud to say they from vallel'
(?)side - man i went to school with them
had him in my class, never thought the fool'd pass
but now i took advantage of the opportunity
and i love what it do to me
they say that i got cousins i ain't never met
think i'm big-headed, think i'm all that
they say that i don't give to my community
but i be likin what they doin to me
.. because i like what you doin to me
.. because i like what you doin to me
good things come to those
who stays on they toes
don't you e-ver stop
al-ways keep it hot