"i'm da man" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"i'm da man"
(feat. al kapone, mike jones)
drank in my cup, blunt in my hand
hoes on my dick cause they know i'm da mayn!
drank in my cup, blunt in my hand
hoes on my dick cause they know i'm the man
i'm in the v.i.p. cause i'm very im-por-tant (tant)
unfortunately i see some niggaz i can't stand (i can't staind)
so i stepped to them suckers and confronted 'em like i should
we can settle this now or we can settle this in the hood
uhh, so what y'all wanna do? i got a hundred dudes
we got a hundred tools, tryin to get on somethin new
you married to the ave and still datin
i'm loyal to my soil, i don't need no ultimatum
stop hatin, i ride with my crimeys in crime
i grind with the gritty and grime, let's go!
i'm buyin my yola, you gettin chronic
i'm tryin to go out the park, you tryin to bunt it
so you know if i drop it then it's a hit
the game got it in my grip like a catcher's mitt
mike jones, geyeah!
geyeah, ice age entertainment
sick wid it baby, geyeah!
you know me i get that purple jelly in my cup, 84's rollin up
hoes know i'm the man, cause i'm always showin up
my big bills so swoll that i can't even fold 'em up
big bills so swoll that i can't even fold 'em up
hold 'em up, who dat is representin the south
with them diamonds in his mouth, know what i'm talkin 'bout
mike jones, nigga in the streets i'm a king
april 18th i'm droppin "the american dream"
i'm 'bout to shut down the game, my car shut down the lane
e-40, mike jones and ice age entertain'
gettin change, we grippin grain in the turnin lane
with a cup full of mud, and a pocket full of change
mike jones, i'm sittin sideways in my dropper
lookin out for coppers, checkin these boppers
mike jones, 2-8-1, 3-3-oh
8-zero-zero-fo', holla at me, i got that
uhhhh - actin bad.. showin my ass..
havin my cash.. rappin fast..
duke of the ave.. slangin them sacks..
like a {?}.. smokin grass..
blazin the block.. sellin that hot..
slickin the cops.. pushin that rock..
totin them chops.. open up shop..
punchin the clock.. pistols cocked..
havin my change.. drivin a range..
switchin the lanes.. hyphy train..
claim to fame.. makin a name..
deep in the game.. what set you claim..
doin it movin.. hoes be choosin..
cause we winnin.. and y'all losin..
big tycoon.. drinkin pukin..
niggaz feudin.. fightin shootin