"keep pimpin'" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"keep pimpin'"
(feat. eboni foster, d-shot)
ay 40 mayne
i seen one of yo' hoes last night mayne, she was just uhh.. (mm-hmm)
she was tryin to give that ass away for free mayne!
whatchu gon' do?  (aight, i'ma tell you like this)
it's like dis
just point out the target and i'll bet some cash i can't miss
this nigga done started cause i got some ass from his bitch
more broken than hearted, fool on the hill over this
but i'm just as retarded, i act a fool up in this bitch
the reason why she departed, cause she was tired of gettin dissed
dotted and darted all in her eyes like this
but that ain't my business, i keep my game universal
and leave that ol' (??) around shit up to them squares like urkel
it's too many lobsters up in the ocean, big pimps
but not enough mobsters breakin them in, big pimps
tellin 40 done taught us how to beginnnnnn
pull a bitch off the streets and real her innnnnnn
to my sable, but e'rybody ain't able
now she's a call girl, dancin on the table
sound like somethin icerberg slim woulda said (tell me)
the bigger the pimp (the bigger) the longer the bread (the longer)
keep pimpin (40-water) keep pimpin..
keep pimpin, keep pimpin (the bigger the pimp, the longer the bread)
keep pimpin (40-water) keep pimpin (yes your honor)
keep pimpin, keep pimpin (the bigger the pimp, the longer the bread)
she looked at her reflection in the mirror (in the mirror)
told herself,
"from this day here ain't nar a nigga pumpin fear
took all i can, but i can't take no mo', enough
yesternight i got my ass slapped up kinda tough
got me lookin like a rainbow (a rainbow)
black eyes, aches and pains, bruises purple and yellow
but i forgive and forget cause it's all gravy (that's right)
i used to fuck for free but now i'm gettin money lately"
big-ass dookie mayne, big-ass breasts
but the bitch got more miles on her, than southwest
you can have that hoe mayne, but nigga please
is that any kind of broad you want to make yo' main squeeze?
the mental, be timin and thinkin hairy
all kind of cracks and crevice
makin cranny, man the bitch don't even wear no panties
sound like somethin dolemite woulda said
the bigger the pimpin, the longer the bread, beotch!
i take seven switch-a-bitches put 'em in a line
put 'em on the hoe stroll and make 'em work for mine
take a mud duck, turn her into gold
make her sell her ass up in the north pole
from lebanon, to yugoslavia
from petersberg, to nova scot-ia
i got niggaz in 'sace suits, trickin big
timers in 'gator boots, givin in
justice, corporate executives
athletes, cause they respect a bitch
man you'd be surprised how many niggaz love to pay for pussy
niggaz cheat on they wives and jack up all they fuckin money man
i be givin my hoes, bonuses and benefits
boat cruises and kamal outfits
latex to keep their health a good
checkups at planned parenthood (that's it)
best run witcha pimp, yes your honor
practice your profession keep your head above water
sound like somethin felix mitchell woulda said
the bigger the pimpin, the longer the bread, beotch!
beotch!
c'mon
do do dooo, do do dooo
do do dooo do, do do dooo (pimp)
anything (that's right) that you want me to (beotch)
anything, that you want me to do
(the bigger the pimp, the longer the bread)
anything yeah, that you want me to..
i'll do it