"lace me up" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"lace me up"
(feat. suga t)
ahhh..
uhh, yeah, uhh! (uhh, yeah, yeah)
(click click, click click click) yeah, click shit
oh boy (oh boy) suga (oh boy)
want me to tie yo' shoes?  yeah (yeahhh)
want me to lace you?  lace me (lace me up!)
suga, i'm a man and believe me, most men is faulty
they only out for one thang and that's to get between them drawers
now dere you go with that dry drama captain
i know you mobbin, but why you tryin to stop my action?
tear that off!  you better get somewhere with that, you trippin
you know how long we been long range pimpin
i'm sayin, have a little class
i'm 'posed to break his ass right, right?
den give up the ass!
okay, let's go hit the pot
watch 'em serve a knot and get two hundred off that cot
that's trill; crack him for his change
get off in his narrow mind, exercise yo' game
like that? (oh boy) so quick
they call me suga break-a-trick
you mean like sherrie stack-a-grip?
yeah; ain't nuttin to it
us females ball too - somebody gotta do it!
i got, three switchin beotches, christine irene and dorene
cleanin and clurvin, listerine and chlorine
i got, trick willies, kickin me down allowance
buyin me clothes, that they can't even pronounce
i got, game - off the backboard
i got, materialistic shit most females can't afford
how bout - fame, money, cars
and (they love the way us "rappers ball")
but let me put you up on these schemes females practice
screw you real good and steal the money underneath the mattress
you got to be an actress, it's conniving and cunning
we fake orgasms, and make 'em think we cuming
okay; dem some cool clues
i ain't gon' lie, you laced my tennis shoes
i'ma go back and tell all my dudes
y'alls playin football with basketball rules
jewels - our niggaz, we make 'em
buy engagement rings and give ultimatums
but see suga you ain't dealin with no square ass figure
they call me earl; i can show 'em the newest way
to play the oldest game in the world
i ain't never been one to be suckin up to no chick
my grandaddy told me to whip the pussy,
don't let the pussy be the whip
i tried to told you about a batch (what they did?)
hit yo' windows out with a bat and put yo' tires on the flat
now we can be some skanless sneaky sly hoes
burnin indo even though to' up from the flo'
i smell you cause i be hustlin, tryin to make some mail
but my broad keep tryin to send me back to jail
she caught you fuckin?
yeah, now she holdin grudges
took her keys and scratched up my cutlass
you gotta watch us slick talkin bay area niggaz off that gin
we'll fuck around and get drunk and run up in yo' best friend
we pop bra straps
we pop collars
we bout that scrilla scratch
we bout them dollars
it ain't gon' be no, "fuck faces," no dick tasters
without them big faces (what i do?) he already tied my shoelaces
it is so enthusiastic to hear my mouthpiece as i spoke upon the game
i promise you pimpin i am so open to the public about these lrp's
come on down, to my soil right?
and i can lace the tardy people up, i'm havin a tutorin class right?
and if you need to be tutored man,
come on down to shoestrings'n'things they'll lace you up real good
you underdig?  the pop ya collar network
up under the bosses will be bosses umbrella
and i promise you, my mouthpiece is so devestatin
and it can not be paralyzed man because i promise you
it ain't nothin but straight g-a-m-e comin up outta here pimpin
oh boy, oh boy!