"let him have it" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"let him have it"
i never stayed my ass home i always thought that i was grown
in the traffic i was gone you see my head was made of stone
got a problem with me?
then feel free muthafucka don't be talkin under yo breath
cuz that might be the cause of your death
cuz i'ma quick to stop a nigga in his tracks main
so lets get this shit out in the open
i used to like to go from the shoulders get em up, one on ones
now it's a whole different ball game niggas that carry guns
a sucka will kill you first, and you will be layin in the hurst
takin a deep ass sleep knowin it wasn't worth
provin you wasn't a punk
niggas don't want to thump
niggas just want to funk and shot up a niggas trunk
i met a bitch last week at the orgen room
bought her a drink and said "whats up on the telly room?"
just then i felt some trouble kickin in
spotted her x-boyfriend who had just got out the pen
muthafuckas get to baulkin when the liquors talkin
drunk muthafucka step on my toe and kept on walkin
i said "what's up with ya potna, say excuse me or somethin"
he turned around looked at me and started mean muggin
i guess he thought he pumped fear until i said
"nigga don't you know i'll have you touchin everything in here"
he went for his pistol and didn't know i was strapin
dag nab it, i had to let him have it
what type of nigga did he think you was e?
i know he didn't think that you were some kind of peanut or somethin.
he must of been retarded to the fact that you get a thrill out of killin
now tell me somethin' why do muthafuckas wait till that nigga commits
himself to realize that a hillside hillbilly is the wrong type of
nigga to fuck with?  e do you feel me?
yeah i feel ya sahob
well lets take it to the next page then
oh you mean that part about the dungeon?
you knoowww!!!
the next morning, i'm sittin in the dungeon-wonderin
should i be dissed nope i did it in self defense
i wasn't twisted, i hadn't even started yet
it happened to fast before someone could stop me
i wish i had some dank weed
while i wait out these 24 more hours before i plead
freedom i'm gonna miss ya (i wish i had some dice)
made me some dice out of some water and toilet tissue
now this the part thats fucked up
i walks into the dayroom manner room what the fuck
i never thought that i would straight make ah
the front page of the newspaper
shut up a do wop, shut up a do wop
man they bout to send me up state ah
talking that shit about makin me a muthafuckin faggot
i make a shank outta plastic and let a nigga have it
that's whats really goin down
cuz when a muthafuckas down for the count
you gotta be about it or be without it
cuz what a muthafucka once told me see a mark sleep
leave him sleep in the middle of the street
if you can't stand the heat stay up out the kitchen
now i'm still in the county's face
fighting this funky ass 187 case
shoot me a kite that's a good way to mingle
i'll be in this bitch eatin' shit on the fuckin shingle
gettin big as a house- bulkin up
400 club waiting for the mercedes deep roll it up
my dream came true after almost 2 years of incareration
now i'm out drinkin brew havin fun with my folks
lovin' everybody gettin twisted and crackin jokes
huggin anybody cryin
i missed every nigga in my click and i ain't lyin
we bones out to a party
i'm on p-role but what can i say
i can't let em know i'm stuck
i roast bitches but i'm not a damn peanut
now i'm at the party thought i wasn't
dancin' with the dead niggas fine ass cousin
i wonder if she thinkin' my my my
the bitch been lovin me ever since hogan high
she had some hard ass cousins that wasn't wit it
they went out they way to make sure that i didn't get it
but now tricks is for kids silly rabbit
i had to let em have
muthafucka!
muthafucka!
mutha-mutha-mutha-muthafucka!
muthafucka!
muthafuck-muthafucka!