"lieutenant roast a botch" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"lieutenant roast a botch"
(feat. silk-e)
the names have been changed to protect the innocent
the adventures of lieutenant roast a botch..
and sherrie stack a grip
ay, ay ay, ay nigga pull that motherfucker, ay!
ay! ay hold on playboy
ay pull that motherfucker over dude
(bu bu bu bu bu bu bu!!)
i know he is not about to bring his motherfuckin ass over here
buu!!! huh?
damn!
you had a smile on your face yesterday why you lookin mean today?
i was tryin to holla at your potnah that's why
i say, uh-oh, look out danger
captain save a hoe with the rescue rangers
you wanna holla right
hell naw you ain't gettin at this
while you was in the hall of game you should've checked my exhibit
lieutenant roast a who, i'll leave you balless
always can come, this ain't no beach you fuckin walrus
i'm sherrie stack a grip
known for slappin niggaz'n shit
i'll take your refrigerator and your bank roll bitch
only way you gon' see this
if it's under your tongue
get out my face you fuckin eclipse, you're blockin my sun
bitch what the fuck you talkin bout?
it ain't like you some kind of notch or somethin
you know what i'm sayin? bitch
i'm lieutenant roast a botch, you ain't knowin huh?
captain save a hoe
bitch that's my long distance cousin from boise, idaho
we cake patnas, but dude be savin hoes and i be savin marbles
it's a long ass distance between me and that fool
cause he's one of them modest fellows
and i'm lieutenant roast a botch known for roastin hoes like marshmellows
let you tell it cause you a strong black sista about your clout
knowin you ain't got a pot to piss in and a window to throw it out
are you itchin, can't think about sexin
irritated by yo' yeast infection
she's a lazy hoe - y'all seen her
sit in her ass all day and watch jerry springer
ten kids by ten different dicks - biotch!!..
your whole house smell like piss
if it ain't about cash, then it ain't about shit
throw it, money, fonky cock beoott..ch
lieutenant, lieutenant, lieutenant, lieutenant roast a botch
lieutenant, lieutenant, lieutenant, lieutenant roast a botch
sherrie stack a grip, sherrie, sherrie stack a
sherrie stack a grip, sherrie, sherrie stack a
aten-hut!!
stand at attention cause one of the main thangs you need to learn
is to shut the fuck up while tycoons is talkin
raise your hand and don't be speakin out of tongues
only when told to speak, spoke
only time you laugh is when i tell a joke
nigga damn your personality
you're never gettin no ass from me
big, beared muthafucka couldn't get no pussy, sittin there mad at me
ain't it about business for pillsbury to be smokin on swishers
lieutenant look like you roastin mo', turkeys than bitches
with your fat ass
fix your cash in a grab bag
by the time you touch your toes
muthafucka i'll be in baghdad
hoooooo!! i heard your pussy went platinum
cum all in the cervix, herpes chlamydia in the abdomen
sherrie stack a grip
nicknamed sherrie stuff a dick - the ratchet mouth biotch!!
see i go hard on a batch (hard)
like my little cousin sir nose rappin ass brother from dallas
gold hard black - gold diggin batch i ain't got no scratch
ah nigga sherrie stack a grip don't give a fuck about that
why are you screamin at me are you mad from frustration
it ain't my fault you still masturbatin
if youse a balla muthafucka help me recognize
roll over this fifty dollar bill and give me ten fives
you weak dick havin, roach clip needin
wheezin tryin to breath oversleepin ass nigga
with your fat ass
always wanna holla sittin there stank
with your fat ass
cheesy knuckles marinatin with your drank
hey fat ass!!!
you best go tender your phillies
paw lubricated, dick in hand
poppin chicken like skillets
i hold your account like clothes
oh god you quit it
you don't believe me
call your bank and go and ask your bitch
haven't you noticed
put your hand in front of your mout and smell it yourself
oh, bitch that's halitosis
when the last time you saw a doctor about your health
oh you hoes, talkin bout you got the flu
ignorin do-do breath you can't avoid
somebody give this hoe a altoid
would you please put some lotion on them scuffed up, ashy knees
clothes lookin like they need to see a dry cleaners
you out there bad with your imitation prada bag
i know your history hoe
thunderbird and grape kool-aid
you remember suckin dicks in the seventh grade
all you needed is some bamma and a couple hits
that's why the sa-habs called you
sherrie stuff a dick the ratchet mouth biotch
if it ain't about cash, then it ain't about shit..