"like a jungle" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"like a jungle"
(feat. young mugzi)
hand me one of them thangs killed john wayne
d.e.a. back in this bitch, hmm-hmm, va-rooom
hah hah hah hah, fuck around with this nigga bosko
he stay mobbin..
shall we spit some saliva?  spit some saliva
in and out of the traffic
sparkin up a bunch of commotion and static it's a habit
bloated twasted loaded tilted when i roll it
like the steering wheel on my deville when i first drove it
who the caviest and the savviest (?) strikin like a pack of matches
blood alcohol, lookin like above average
money tall player, papered up, ghettofabulous
you can ball too pimpin just be about your cabbage
i don't need no iron i'm already creased
pistol-whip a bitch with my mouthpiece, paid for hoe
on my car, fuckin lease
strikin through your neighborhood, disturbin peace
boogie green cutlass with the gold feets
same colored tint with the bucket seats, beatch!
all my wife i was raised around killers
boy i tell ya - these monkeys don't wanna see no gorillas
it's like a jungle - it's like a jungle sometimes
it's like a jungle - it's like a jungle sometimes
it's like a jungle -
you know a sea serpent snake in the grass can post up lies
it's like a jungle - it's like a jungle sometimes
it's like a jungle - it's like a jungle sometimes
it's like a jungle -
we play for keeps, so nigga if you feel froggish leap!
leap nigga! beotch!
chest splitter, game spitter, go getter
i stay busy like mighty joe, the go-rilla
one hitter quitters if you're it, bump my feet nigga
i hit the turf, knockin off wall pictures
nowadays niggaz can get arrested for reckless dressin, attempt to pimp
but they don't know a broke horse
and don't know how money makes a pimp pimp
see i'm like a pimp, i got to be about means
twinkied out, with a car full of tv screens
i mean i'm mean, i boss up for the green
hit the scene, and check my runners bout my cream
one-eighteen, haters wanna cross my dream
handicap me, shoot me in the spleen
it's like a jungle - it's like a jungle sometimes
it's like a jungle - it's like a jungle sometimes
it's like a jungle -
if you see me in a fight in the forest with a bear
don't help me nigga help the bear.. don't help me nigga help the bear!
it's like a jungle - it's like a jungle sometimes
it's like a jungle - it's like a jungle sometimes
it's like a jungle -
boy i tell ya, these monkeys don't wanna see no gorillas
see no gorillas
man potnah you ain't from 'round here, you ain't got no pass
oh you with 40-water, we can go 'head and let you go
but next time, it's yo' ass
lick you for yo' cash, get you for what you got
cause triflin on this side of the soil
that's all we do is plot
seen it, lived it, did it, been in it, done it
cooked it, shucked it, sold it, couple hundred
units a month, dirty white girl
baby powder, china white, step-mother pearl
i'm out of weed, i'm losin my focus (focus)
ash tray full of doobies and roaches (roaches)
in the parking lot rollin a blunt (blunt)
in the middle of some funk
dudes got to dumpin bitches, haulin ass (ass)
takin off they pumps, fallin in the grass (grass)
cowards flyin everywhere, fools gettin glassed
while i'm sittin in my cut' thang, tryin to play
they fuckin up my shit
be about your paper bro, don't hate on mine
it's like a jungle sometimes..
gorilla pimpin ain't easy, but i'm steady on the grind
it's like a jungle sometimes, yeah yeah yeah yeah,
yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah..
it's like a jungle sometimes.. yeah yeah yeah yeah,
yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah
it's like a jungle sometimes.. yeah yeah yeah yeah,
yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah
it's like a jungle sometimes.. yeah yeah yeah yeah,
yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah
it's like a jungle sometimes..