"nah, nah..." lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"nah, nah..."
(feat. nate dogg)
f'real, uh...
oh boy, due to the graphic game-orienfestedness
of this program, viewer discretion is advised
i promise you pimpin; i mean that there's so many l-r-p's
lone range pimpin jumpin up on this track man you underdig?
we spit these l-r-p's and we do this damn thing real toughlike
you underdig?  so this a bitch, c'mon
the homies done made it, i'm so elated
got all of the ladies, ohhhhh, nah nah-nah-nah-nah-nah
don't try to play me, just cause i'm faded
don't think that i'm crazy, whoooh, nah nah-nah-nah-nah-nah
but nate dogg, what if my bankroll was to fall?
think she'll cut from me, think she'll stand tall through it all?
think she'll boost for me, steal me a pair
of dum-dum dum-dum's from the mall?  (hell naw)
bear it all, pose naked in the camasol (nah nah-nah-nah-nah-nah)
you got a baby by me, i got a baby by you
whaddya mean?  i'ma always be able to plug you
you tell me to lick (lick) i tell you to suck (suck)
we be mad at each other, but we still whaaat?
i do what i wanna do, just cause i want to
don't care too much about you, hell naw, nah nah-nah-nah-nah-nah
nate dogg ain't gon' force you, i'll wait until you want to
if not then i'll erase you, you know, nah nah-nah-nah-nah-nah
i left the club staggerin (staggerin)
blasted handcuffed and lifted in the paddywagon
in a holdin cell, without a doubt
your momma put her house up to bail me out
if that ain't stickin to the script
i'm her future son-in-law ain't never gave her no lip (lip)
uhh, thought i wasn't (wasn't)
love you cause you was down when i was scrubbin
say you're lookin fo' a gangsta, girl i wanna thank ya
when niggaz come and question, do you know? nah nah-nah-nah-nah-nah
while other niggaz thankin, corners i be bankin
money i be makin, you know, nah nah-nah-nah-nah-nah
you was a, new comer, turned out by barry white
gigi hana, mesmerized by my slang
i pop my collar one time (one time)
got control of yo' mind (mind)
never know, i'm sometimes in kenneth coles
thugged out, never judge me by my clothes
when there's a drought, i be ridin, z's and vogues
five times on the look out for the po'-po'
nate d-o-double g (double g) don't wanna fuck me (wanna fuck me)
as happy as can be (as can be) nate dogg and 40, fonzarell'
we're gon' reach to the bay (to the bay) 'frisco to l.a. (l.a.)
don't care what you say (what you say) they all fam-lay (fam-i-lay)
they all family.. oh boy, whaddya know, y'know?
yeah, straight game you underdug?  oh boy
yeah we stay doin this.. you underdig?
please believe that part of the game oh boy
uhh.. battlecat on the track, oh boy
please believe... uhh
sick wid it records... oh boy
please believe, we stay doin this
uhhh, uh-uhh!
uh-uhh
uh-uhh!  oh boy
uhhh, ssp spit it pimpin.. please believe
uhh, oh boy, uhh, uhh, e-feezy