"tell me when to go" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"tell me when to go"
(feat. keak da sneak)
tell me when to go... tell me when to go...
tell me when to go... tell me when to go...
go dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb
ooh. jesus christ had dreads, so shake em
i ain't got none, but i'm planning on growing some
imagine all the hebrews going dumb
dancing on top of chariots and turning tight ones (eeerrrrr!)
ooh, tell me when to go (dumb)
talking on my ghettro on the way to the store
... my 2nd or 3rd trip
some henny, some swishers and some listerine strips
dr. greenthumb lips, just to ease my thoughts
not just the cops, but the homies you got to watch
the moon is full, look at the dark clouds
sitting in my scraper, watching oakland gone wild... ta-dow
i don't bump mainstream, i knock underground
all that other shit, sugar-coated and watered down
i'm from the bay where we hyphy and go dumb
from the soil where them rappers be getting their lingo from
tell me when to go... tell me when to go...
tell me when to go... tell me when to go...
go dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb
i'm off that 18 dummy juice
.... yadamean, labeled the black zeus
king of the super dooper hyphy (hyphy, hyphy, hyphy, hyphy)
and your wife, she don't like me (like me, like me, like me, like me)
from the bay to the a
put me in the back wood, swisher sweet bud, orange lace (let's go, it's dope)
bitches wish i wrote, i said they couldn't be saved by john the pope (john the pope)
i slid past on the gas, bitches looking at me
it's good, it's good like the granddaddy
cross game, you get flipped like a burger patty
or zig-zagged... pass me a big old fatty
.... i drink white, with a snow bunny
talking big shit in the scraper, going hella dummy
1800, jose cuervo
yadada mean, yadada i'm saying though
tell me when to go... tell me when to go...
tell me when to go... tell me when to go...
go dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb
now let me direct traffic for a minute..
(talk to 'em)
now, let me tell you about this hyphy movement we got going in the bay..
when i say something you say it right back to me, you smell me?
we're gonna do it like this right here...
ghost-ride the whip
now... scrape
put your stunna shades on
now... gas, brake, dip, dip
shake them dreads
let me see you show your grill
now... thizz face
doors open, mayne
now... watch em swang
go stupid, go (dumb, dumb)
tell me when to go... tell me when to go...
tell me when to go... tell me when to go...
go dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb