"to da beat" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"to da beat"
ooohhh... (to da beat!)
oooh ooh! (to da beat!)
wake dey ass up, check it
beaotch! ooh! (to da beat!)
she hit me on my locker, i was off that truck
mechanic orange juice and absolut vodka
smokin on a beadie, chasin it with a fat strike in my
fresh off the showroom flexin 32-valve northstar caddy
gettin it cricket, slangin em sideways, walkin up the streets
residuals, re-enactments, constantly repeatedly burnin vogues
flamboastin, high-sidin, turnin heads, rewindin!
ain't had the car but two weeks and already need a wheel alignment!
see us bay negroes is nigger-ain't-give-a-fuck
flip a spankin new vehicle, tear it up
we play mind games with tizzy airhead ass hoes, make em
buy us things like diamond ear-rhings and clothes, a, uhh
p, i-m-p, come v-i inch up bitch and pay me
hoe, ahh pay me n-uh-no attention
these are the things that you need to know
but just remember charlie hustle always told you so, it's to da beat y'all
and it don't stop, a to da beat y'all
and it won't quit, a to da beat y'all
and it don't stop, a to da beat y'all
and it won't quit, cranks out da beat y'all
voice boisterous, make the shit throb, a to da beat y'all
deep voice boisterous, make the shit throb, right to da beat y'all
deep voice boisterous, make the shit throb, a to da beat y'all
now do it up and say whassup off-i-sah-ha (to da beat!)
ah-cho-ah-chokin on some burner, in my little deuce, white interior
smoke grey exterior, convertible ragtop hummer (to da beat!)
little homey ain't but sixteen years and a millionaire
sittin on somethin clever talkin about, "40 water can you help me out?
can you give me some kind of advice,
cause i ain't tryin to be up in this bitch forever?" (to da beat!)
told all my motherfuckers to try to wash they monies
and make some kind of good out of bad, buy you a couple of fixer-uppers
shit it ain't gotta be no brand new caddy (to da beat!)
use da dope game as a stepping stone, let your little sister run it
turn one of the fixer-uppers into a care home, i'da done it (to da beat!)
where i'm from, vallejo california born and raised in crew
we got the highest paid police force, look what they do (to da beat!)
too busy tryin to scrutinize and slander me
as much as i done did for the community (to da beat!)
do me a favor why don't you go out of state and go visit
some of your family members down south and mention vallejo
and i bet the first thing that come up out their mouth
is earl stevens and denell, bump this shit til your tape break
and youse a bitch if you didn't buy my last tape, beottch!!!!
to da beat y'all
s-ah-sinister shit, for you to ride to, you got your clip?
uh-huh, a-ight, then let me guide you (to da beat!) into my world
straight up, this ain't no circus, playboys and girls
listen up, we's bout to get on turbans (to da beat!) boom boom!
woofers in the back boom boom! niggaz and bitches talkin bout
"did you hear that nigga 40 water new shit?
that nigga got the slack!" (to da beat!)
you can pat that nigga down with a metal detector
and still not have a clue
fools be slidin up in parties on crutches
limpin, with a derringer in his shoe (to da beat!)
fuck a cuban cigar, give me a black n mild
then watch me tear up a brand new hundred dollar bill
and throw it in the crowd (to da beat!)
i don't need no iron, i'm already crisp -- whatchu got whatchu got
whatchu got -- i don't need no money, i got mouthpiece (to da beat!)
closed mouthtank get fed, dude what you talkin here, what
all of a sudden you got amnesia nigga
i know you didn't forget who buttered your bread (to da beat!)
old money but new game playboy and it ain't recycled
i ain't to be toyed with, so don't call me tyko