"trump change" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"trump change"
trump change?  (chump change)
nah trump change patnah not chump change
trump change, i'm talkin donald trump change
i'm talkin steve wynn, i'm talkin y'know?  e-feezee
trump change, 32 valve northstar with the
with the ? frames, ?
candy coated paint, pushin weight
roller skatin on them thangs!  ridin federal
super-flossin, full tank of petrol
me and my mossie, trump change
lucrative loot, long money, big bread
step on my boots, next day, he was dead
shit you not, all i gotta do
is cough to have your motherfuckin head knocked off
"nigga you my nigga if you don't get no damn money
just remember no matter how much motherfuckin fetti you sittin on
you still a damn nigga"
y'all know us meth merchants, sherm stick or pies
y'all know us sea serpents, makin the grass, get full supplies
little man complex, and if i ain't little
then i'm big, and if i'm big then i got, big man complex
love sex, took three of my botches welfare checks
put a down payment on a brand new invisible diamond bezel
oyster perpetual rolex
bullet proof vest and armored like bricks
sometimes you might find me drinkin tap water
up out the public park sinks
but most of the time it's louis the thirteenth, sixteen
hundred dollars a pop, guzzle sip sip guzzle non-stop
mo' candy than c it's coca leaves, flamboast and brag
go on shoppin sprees, and act bad
never mind how much it cost, put it in the bag!
bought a brand new jag without, lookin at the price tag
fresh up out the box, bought a shit-load of guns
with my left-over cop money, pay cash all ones
talk to me, i feed the dopefiends crumbs
it's monumental, when they let me use they rental
i'm a factor, livin life, with mo' cheese
than the green bay packers, pay off the vice
ain't never went out blackwards
i'm engaged to this dope game, no swivel
we talked about gettin out, but it's not official
when there's a drought we don't fret, we handle business
nigga what you sweatin if you have scientizzic chemistes
that can make that shit and when they cook that shit
it's just like dinner
but cluckheads don't use forks and spoons
they use tv antennas
bar-none, sucked up to nathin, heavy rotation
if it wasn't for some of that "tired of being stepped on" shit
when i was locked up, i probably wouldn't have never made it
splurgin, overspendin, doin just a little bit too much
puttin the ? on a new 40 if i could do it all over again
i'd do it just like
i was locked up on a friday, went to court on a tuesday
third strike victim, judge tried to do me
lookin at my folks on tv
"nigga that's my nigga!"  in the day room
"vallejo nigga (watchin' bet) vallejo nigga!"
sorry about your patnah, heard he took a fall
up in here, we get the news before y'all
now you know we ain't supposed to be talkin on this kind of phones
dude why you jaw jackin
well what's the new thing?  white collared crime computer hackin
ticket scalpin, and dang near e'rybody that i know
be tryin to charlie hustle and get they paper
sellin cable box scramblers to bootleg bitches
just tapes, i let my boys drive my toys
radar dectectors and po-po scanners makin hella noise
lookin out for the elroys