"ya blind" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"ya blind"
(feat. jazze pha, 8ball)
say playboy, whatchu know about jazze pha,
big e-feezy 40 fonzarelli from the bay, and big 'ball?
please believe it!
niggaz must be blind..
or that hoe must got yo' mind..
you niggaz must be blind..
or that hoe must got yo' mind.. your mind
she was lookin kinda classy in the back of the club
baby kept eyein me, lovin the stud
teasin and tryin me while i'm sittin there stuff(?)
quiet like jockin me, all on my nuts
til my focus got sloppy, spillin this cup
went way up out of his mind and started touchin her butt
that's premature mackin nigga you're fuckin off my action
nigga you captain save-a-hoe (bitch) action packed nigga
you was young and foolish (young and foolish)
didn't know what you was doin (what you was doin)
didn't really know she was a hoe.. ohh noo (a hoe!)
she had a pretty face (pretty face)
drove you wild (drove you wild)
i bet you want that hoe to have your child (yo' child)
yeah, uh-huh
i don't respect no dick-suckin freak in the pack
most niggaz claim pimpin but that shit be a act
i ain't got nothin for you hoe
you ain't got to spend the night, you can get your shit and go
i'm not no sugar daddy hoe one-stop
top notch hoes even got to have they own knot
i seen niggaz get caught up, right quick
i seen hoes capitalize, and hit licks
i wonder what the fuck be wrong with these tricks
so me and 40 singin this song for these tricks
you know them niggaz who call them hoes all day
at the hoe job all in the hoe face
as soon as the hoe tip off and get tipsy
she got dick on her lips, up in the embassy
and be home befo' fo', snuggled up witcha
wake up and pretend to make love witcha
niggaz must be blind.. you niggaz must be blind
or that hoe must got yo' mind.. you can't see what i can see
you niggaz must be blind.. niggaz must be blind
or that hoe must got yo' mind.. your mind, your mind
oooh!  i told you she was skanless (skanless)
i didn't know you was a rest-havin pimpin
i thought you was a polygamist (polygamist)
a polygamist, yeah mayn, ??
a polygamist means havin, forty-one broads
i'ma tell you what's real pimpin, i'ma tell you straight up true
i'ma keep it real withchu pumpin, i promise you i got you
she was off in the vocal booth, talkin about i'll do you wrong
some of that genocide and juice, then the thing about the thong
fantasizin about sex in groups, nothin small
she like niggaz that like to shop at the, big and tall
you was young and foolish (young and foolish)
didn't know what you was doin (what you was doin)
didn't really know she was a hoe.. ohh noo (a hoe!)
she had a pretty face (pretty face)
drove you wild (drove you wild)
i bet you want that hoe to have your child
niggaz must be blind.. niggaz must be blind
or that hoe must got yo' mind.. that hoe must go yo' mind
you niggaz must be blind.. you niggaz must be blind
or that hoe must got yo' mind.. your mind, your mind
yeahhhh! (pretty face) hooooo! (drove you wild)
e-feezy, fonzarelli, yeah, please believe me
eightball, jazze pha
see, i promise you nigga you gotta ay
this a fool, cause these niggaz out here man
they be rest havin these hoes man (rest havin)
and the bitch got, a hundred thousand miles on 'em man
(so many) i call them hoes southwest hoes mayn
ya underdig because, for the simple fact that (ya underdig it?)
these bitches mayn, they make like airline stewardess y'knahmean?
(please believe it) they travel a lot
man they pussies travel a lot mayn
i mean these bitches is goin diamond mayn (tell 'em feezy)
like britney spears and them mayn
i'm talkin bout ten million copies mayn
i'm talkin bout ten million dicks they done been through
ya underdig?  oh boy!  i shit you not man
you need to better stop
tryin to just really just love these bitches man (oh boy)
too tough like (oh boy), when ya know that the bitch got nut stains
all up in her crevice stain, nigga what?  oooh!
?? gets your bitch
get that trick off my dick
don't you ever hate on these pimps
let these macks hit a lick, macks hit a lick, yeahhhahhahahayyyy
please believe it, please believe it!!