"zoom" lyrics
e-40 lyrics
"zoom"
uhh, i come from nothin
come up, i come from nothin
to get it crankin right here
right here?
turma-turmoil, torment and turmoil
uh ooh
we been in bondage for years
for how long?
trapped up in the ghetto
yea that's true
dang, i got a dream though
fiction
tryin to make my own progress
that's fictionary
zoom!
even though the streets mob filthy, lights burned out (out)
dopefiends die with antennas in they mouth
niggaz are starvin, some of my niggaz is havin they cash
niggaz is ballin, parkin they car, all on the grass
livin it up to the fullest platinum colored jew-els and organized glass
not none of that old fake ass costume jewelry, that looks like brass
i'm lookin out the window while you play nintendo
you drive a navigator, i drive a pinto
i was there, nothin polite, me and my fools
the ghetto, field mice and rat drippings up in my shoes
a rebel, without a pause, commodes n stars
no toilet tissue, dirty doodoo stains up in my draws
ooh zoom, i like, to fly far away from here
where my mind flows on, it's fresh and clear
and i, found a love, that i long to see
and people, who be, who they want to beeee, ho!
i never had, lobster in my life (or what?)
or teriyaki steaks, just sardines and spam and cornflakes
pacific bell done put me on restriction once again
i can't call out, but you can call in
can barely think straight, barely keep focus
my crackhead cousin spent the night (what we got) now we got roaches
(damn!) here lies my property, no composure
six months behind on my mortgage, house under fo'closure
momma ain't feelin too good, she diabetic
scared of needles hospitals ambulance paramedics
and i'm the oldest of fo', sleepin on the flo'
watchin tv channels we used to borrow cable from next do'
ooh zoom, i like, to fly far away from here
where my mind flows on, it's fresh and clear
and i, found a love, that i long to see
and people, who be, who they want
who they want to beeee, yea!  hahahhhhhh!
i seen it in a dream, a big white home, looked like a office building
an old school brougham with a sunroof ceiling
thug living, sixty-four ounce of drinkin thinkin
"how could i come up, and purchase me a lincoln?"
drug dealin, leelin and dealin tryin to make a million
blood spillin, driveby walk up to that nigga peel him
back then i was blind, penetentiary chance at jail
livin off my gahl for hella long she worked at taco bell
and if the heater ain't workin and it's freezin cold
we open up the oven and turn on the stove
survival, granddaddy's appreciation revival church
of pentacostal, we raised money by givin car washes
ooh zoom, i like, to fly far away from here
where my mind flows on, it's fresh and clear
and i, found a love, that i long to see
and people, who be, who they want
who they want to beeee, yea!
iiiiiiii...