"only fear of death" lyrics
2pac lyrics
"only fear of death"
pssst... psssssst... aiyyo
are you afraid to die, or do you wanna live forever
tell me, which one?
they wanna bury me, i'm worried -- i'm losin my mind
look down the barrel of my nine and my vision's blurry
fallin to pieces, am i guilty? i pray to the lord
but he ignores me unfortunately cause i'm guilty
show me a miracle, i'm hopeless -- i'm chokin off
marijuana smoke, with every toke it's like i'm losin focus
fallin to sleep while i'm at service, when will i die?
forever paranoid and nervous because i'm high
don't mention funerals i'm stressin, and goin nutty
and reminiscin bout them niggaz that murdered my buddy
i wonder when will i be happy, ain't nothin funny
flashbacks of bustin caps, anything for money
where am i goin i discovered, can't nothin save me
my next door neighbor's havin convo with undercovers
put a surprise in the mailbox, hope she get it
happy birthday bitch, you know you shouldn'ta did it
everybody's dyin am i next, who can i trust?
will they be g's, and they look at me before they bust?
or will they kill me while i'm sleepin, two to the head
while i'm in bed, leakin blood on my satin sheets
is there a heaven for a baller? i'm gettin suspicious
of this bitch the line busy everytime i call her
now she's tellin me to visit, who else is home?
i check the house before i bone, so we all alone
after i nut i hit the highway, see ya later
to all the players watch the fly way a nigga played her
the bitch is tellin all her homies -- that i can fuck her
like no other now them other bitches wanna bone me
i'm under pressure gettin drunk, somebody help me
i drink a fifth of hennesey i don't think it's healthy
i see my enemies they creepin, don't make me blast
i watch the five-oh's roll, the motherfuckers pass
by me like they know me, smilin as they laugh
i put up my middle finger then i dash
niggaz don't like me cause i'm thuggin, and every day
i'm a hustler lookin to get paid
they wanna bury me, i'm worried -- no need to lie
i pray to god i don't scream when it's time to fry
nowhere to rest i'm losin homies, ain't that a bitch
when i was rich i had clout, now a nigga's lonely
i put the pistol to my head, and say a prayer
i see visions of me dead, lord are you there?
then tell me am i lost cause i'm lonely
i thought i had friends but in the end a nigga dies lonely
nowhere to run i'm in terror, and no one cares
a closed casket at my funeral and no one's there
is there a future for a killer?  i change my ways
but still that don't promise me the next day
so i stay thuggin with a passion, forever blastin
i'm bustin on these motherfuckers in my madness
they wonder if i'm hellbound... well hell
can't be worse than this, cause i'm in hell now
don't make me hurt you i don't want to, but i will
seen motherfuckers killed over phone bills
never will i die, i'll be back
reincarnated as a motherfuckin mack
i love it cause in heaven there's no shortage on g's
i'm tellin you now, you motherfuckers don't know me
"only fear of death.."
"you ghetto niggaz"
"only fear of death is comin back reincarnated"
hahaha, i ain't scared to die
i ain't scared to die
to my homies in heaven
i ain't scared to die
do you wanna live forever?
are you scared, to die?
or will you scream, when you fry?
i don't fear death
my only fear of death is comin back, reincarnated
this is dedicated to mental, r.i.p.
and big kill, r.i.p.
and all you other o.g.'s, who go down
i don't fear death