"thug n u thug n me (remix)" lyrics
2pac lyrics
"thug n u thug n me (remix)"
(feat. k-ci & jojo)
ay come on jojo ('pac.. hahaha)
yeah that type of shit (maybe it's the thug in me)
you know what time it is (maybe it's the thug in me)
by age thirteen i was buckwild, good at my knuckle game
made it through a tough childhood never be the same
walked in my daddy's shoes
no time to be a peaceful man had to shatter fools
that's 'til i put my eyes on you
god damn, sweetheart you got some thighs on you
now i can't wait to get you home, get you all alone
in my bedroom, baby can we bone, and get it on
tell me lady how you like me
and if you want it harder baby, come and bite me
but do it lightly; cause that excites me to let it pop
and if you lick me right, i'll do it all night
only got fucked by a drug dealer
never felt the real passion of a thug nigga (haha)
though i like the way you scream when you lovin me
i'm goin deep, it's the thug in me; so whatchu sayin girl?
a thug nigga like me, i need a thug lady like you
i got a lot of thug in me, that i wanna put in you
a thug nigga like me, i need a thug lady like you
i got a lot of thug in me, that i wanna give to you girl
moan baby when we bone it's on
it's so strong niggaz in the next room'll cum
i got ya head swingin, tongue kissin as i hit it from the back
with the bed ringin (haha)
give me space as i lick ya face, stick the place
synchronize so i drive when they kick the bass
love fuckin in tha mo'nin
i get ya wet and bust a sweat, then i'm gone
left you on yo' own girl
tell me what you feel like, blindfolded
i'm cold do it real nice - that's if it feel right
maybe it's the thug in me
i pull ya hair while we fuckin in the chair, when ya lovin me
up against the wall, you can have it all; just try
bet my kiss, can get you high, don't pass by
grab me by my nuts when i'm lovin you
now open up and let me put the thug in you
say baby what's your phone number?
be warned, i'm like a storm with my own thunder, i make the room rumble
in and out long stroke, hold ya breath now
close your eyes deep throat - did you like it?
oooh i'm excited!
cause it's a party in my bedroom, you're invited - c'mon now
let me see ya shake your rump, tell me
how long will it take to cum, havin fun
do it one on one and we can all get involved
first y'all do me, then i'll fuck y'all
when you call me the next day
to get sexed by a nigga in the best way
yeah baby it's a price to pay, only play in the fast lane
when you a hustler, motherfuck a cash came
i gotcha goin wild, cause i'm lovin you
drugged out with this motherfuckin thug in you
i don't wanna talk, i don't want no explanations
i don't got no motherfuckin explanations, y'knahmsayin?
it's the thug in me
don't be askin why i'm pullin your hair
and why i fuck so motherfuckin thuggish
that thug passion, y'knahmean?
bitch, no mercy
what you scared of?  didn't you come over here to get fucked?
you ain't come over here for me to be
strokin, and all that bullshit
you came over here to get fucked
shit, if i ain't fuck you thug style
bitch you'd leave my house talkin bout, "tupac can't serve me"
won't have me crossed up in that bullshit, hahaha
turn over!  maybe it's the thug in me! ..