"when we ride on our enemies" lyrics
2pac lyrics
"when we ride on our enemies"
fugees!  fugees and mobb deep tryin to diss now too huh?
hahaha!  well i ain't prejudiced, i don't give a fuck
this is what it sounds like - when we ride on our enemies
beyotch!  when we ride on our enemies
heyyyy!  got some static for some niggaz on the other side of town
let my little cousin k roll, he's a rider now
what they want from us motherfuckin thug niggaz?
used to love niggaz now i plug niggaz, and slug niggaz
am i wrong?  niggaz makin songs, tryin to get with us
must be gone on stress weed, in the west we trust
to the chest i bust!  then we ride 'til the sun come
shinin back to brighten up the sky, many die
heard the fugees was tryin to do me - look bitch!
i cut yo' face, this ain't no motherfuckin movie
then!  we watch the other two die slow
castrated entertainin at my motherfuckin sideshow
bam!  set my plan in mo', time to exterminate my foes
i can't stand you hoes, uhh
now label this my fuckin trick shot
my lyrics runnin all you cowards out of hip-hop
when we ride - on our enemies
when we ride on our enemies
i bet you motherfuckers die, when we ride, on our enemies
when we ride on our enemies
bet all you motherfuckers die, when we ride, on our enemies
come take a journey through my mind's eye
you crossed the game, don't explain, nigga time to die, say goodbye
watch my eyes when i pull the trigger
so right before you die you bow before a bigga nigga, now dry yo' eyes
you was heartless on yo' hits
niggaz love to scream peace after they start some shit - pay attention
here's a word to those that robbed me
i murder you then i, run a train on mobb deep!  don't fuck with me
nigga you're barely livin, don't you got sickle cell?
see me have a seizure on stage, you ain't feelin well, hell
how many niggaz wanna be involved?
see i was only talkin to biggie, but i'll kill allay'all, then ball
then tell da brat to keep her mouth closed
fuck around and get tossed up, by the fuckin outlawz
before i leave, make sure everybody heard
know i meant, every motherfuckin word
when we ride on our enemies
when we ride on our enemies
make sure everybody die, when we ride, on our enemies
when we ride on our enemies, hehe
i make sure everybody die, when we ride, on our enemies