"amy last wordz" lyrics
eazy-e lyrics
"amy last wordz"
this is a real life jack in progress. nigga give up your shit or take
two tha chest with tha cripness
cuz i aint fuckn around g,so take a look at a real at a real live nigga
that craaazy and get ready to
die loc,any last wordz before your ass gets smoked,it aint a joke cuz my
pockets is broke my friend
thats why i gotta do u in. give up your endz and your gold and your
nik's and anything else i
might like and then im off in the wind again to catch tha next sucka
slippn taken two to tha chin.
im on a role two niggaz in one night didnt even have to fight,just
pulled out my 9 to end anothers
life. thats real life so forget tha silly shit you heard,now nigga tell
me do you have any last wordz.
"cuz its the end of tha world and still niggaz aint got no satisfaction.
so i take my 9 put it on my
?? for some cop now im blastn, cuz im known as a g and im coming from tha cpt.
and you should know bitch ass niggaz running back cant fuck with eazy"
"word'em up"
another murder i comitted made front page a nigga dead from a drive by
did with a 12 gauge. the
first stage of insanity people say it aint wise to get faded off the
st.ides. a mother cries,another
son lies in a casket,life was fun while it lasted. tha silly bastard had
to get caught,tripn and set
tripn,you should of seen that niggaz blood dripping.to many lives took
to many hearts broke,but
you dont hear me so you see my fuckn gun smoke. some ask why do i take
so many lives from the
innocent little ones. but where i come from we take shit real,you peel
caps so you gotta get your
cap peeled. grab your steel forget about what you heard,its do or die
nigga,any last wordz?
"cuz its the end of tha world and still niggaz aint got no satisfaction.
so i take my 9 put it on my
?? for some cop now im blastn,cuz im known as a g and im coming from
tha cpt. and you
should know bitch ass niggaz running back cant fuck with eazy"
"word'em up"
i got tha 9 and im fixing to str8 creep,feel i need to take another life
so i peep. checking the
scene,but staying low so im not seen case i gotta get away gotta make
tha shit clean g. so im
looking for a victim.gotta be right,took my time and i picked him,scoped
shit then i licked'em now
im back in the news,no clues,but yet another murder. you should of heard
the nigga squill when i
stuck his ass,i had to grin cuz its funny nigga fuck his ass. he aint
tha last and surely aint tha first
g,but his monkey ass rolled away in a hurst g. so im feeling some what
relieved,just another day
in tha life of tha e-z. a real g so forget tha silly shit you heard,its
do or die eazy-e gets that last word.
"cuz its the end of tha world and still niggaz aint got no satisfaction.
so i take my 9 put it on my
?? for some cop now im blastn,cuz im known as a g and im coming from
tha cpt. and you
should know bitch ass niggaz running back cant fuck with eazy"
"word'em up"