"radio" lyrics
eazy-e lyrics
"radio"
this is radio k-eazy-e. hi, this is greg mac. mac attack
and we're gonna go to the phones right now and find out what's
goin' on. hello, who is this ?
yo, what's up ? this is lorenzo patterson
yo man, where you callin' from ?
i'm callin' from compton and i wanna hear eazy e's new record
what's it called man ?
yo, it's called "radio"
we got it, you called the right station. and here it is...
eazy e rockin' non stop on the radio
with the funky fresh hip hop in stereo
release some rhymes that you will find demandin'
with dre's beats that are so outstandin'
i'm gettin' busy if you know what i mean
always settin' me a mark in the hip hop scene
on the radio the greatest of all times
like mohammed ali cause i punch rhymes
so tune your station, and clear all the static
and tell the truth: you didn't know that i had it
in me, to be easy about the situation
so just kick it and listen to the station
playin' my music, it's hard to lose it
it's constantly on request cause you choose it
i'm eazy e, my rap is strong
and your radio's def when my record's on -
(you wanna know why...because...)
i'm on the...
radio  -
yeah, ruthless radio is in effect, dr.dre and yella boy is in ya
system. and right about now we got eazy e and mc ren in the studio takin'
calls. so give'em a call and ask'em how they're doin'
hello, this is eazy e. what's your name ?
hi, this is joyce.
i'd like to know if i can have your phone number?
yes, it's 9-7-6...
now i wanna turn up my box, and make much noise
and rock the party and shock all the b-boys
take on my radio from phono to tuner
i wouldn't have did it, later but sooner
now i move my antenna to the center
then grab a hold of the handle and (??)
then bust a rhyme, you know i won't quit it
am i lyin', ren ? ( man, you know you're witty)
your request is clear, that you're givin'
without eazy e you wouldn't be livin'
with me on a top 10, or a mix show
so hit your power button, and let's go
on vacation, with your station
that's playin' live in every location
blowin' out ya speaker
it won't get weaker
i'll keep rockin' till i hit the peek
and your station is dope e-a-z-y
it's on the air, but you axe why
i took out the cursin', and took rehearsin'
i feel dry, you know that i'm thirstin'
to get busy; i don't quit it
and once you hear my cut, i know you're gonna get it
then bust a rhyme, while you're clappin' your hands
it's eazy e on the air (rockin' without a band)
you're on the radio, on k-eazy-e, with greg mac. don't forget to
join us this friday night live, we'll be jammin' it uptown with my
homeboys eazy e, of course, n.w.a. and the whole compton posse.
can't make it out but, hey, stay eazy, and stay it on k-eazy-e...
with more...radio
now disc jockeys are playin' me in rotation
hittin' number one spots across the nation
i'm on the charts, you can go list'em
but now listen, i'm on your system
am or fm, i'm in power
you hear my music once every hour
so listen up to the rhyme and percussion
but do this with no discussion
eazy's easin' fans i'm pleasin'
why, i'm on top yo, i got reason
with no profanity, but what can i say
yo dre ( what up ?) do it your way
on the radio you get more looser
take my word you're a dope producer
we combine to put out hits
but jealous people, they just have fits
cause we get airplay, but we're not thru
dre, am i serious ? ( cold word) well thank you !
people that hear me, they know what i'm sayin'
on the air, i don't be playin'
just gettin' my point across to the public
rhymin' on the radio, that's my subject
i can play (rock), but i prefer (hip hop)
it's eazy e on your radio non stop !
yo, this is mc ren, can you comprehend ? we're for bite just
like tnt. yo, what's the time ?
hi, my name is tushie and i'd like to know when i get
paid, motha...
you got ganked...
hello, you're on the air. what's up ?
hello, we'd like to speak to that cuty pie dj speed
yo, this is dj speed. what's up ?
the joke's on you, jack ! hahaha !
hello, you're on the air
hey, what's up ? this is nasty naz callin' from seattle
hey, what's happenin', homeboy ?
i'm callin' to be on eazy e's new record, "radio"
man, you're late. the record is already o...