"sorry louie" lyrics
eazy-e lyrics
"sorry louie"
(hi, claude again...you remember i told you about my cousin when
i was 15...well, the year after that, i killed this kid, louie...
bashed his head in with my louieville slugger hahaha...
i got away with it...haha...but erm...i wanna apologize to
louie...i'm sorry louie...hahaha...)
(bashed his head in with my louieville slugger)
i knew this muthaphukka named louie
every day the nigga talk shit but today he tried to do me
he rolled down my block with a pistol and a stare
a black khaki suit and dooky brades in his hair
the muthaphukka think i'm slippin
but i got my gat and a 40 and i'm sippin
waitin for the fool to get out the car
the stupid muthaphukka thinks i'm a star
but i'm not, i'm the type that kick the niggaz ass
fast ! eazy e's a nigga that'll blast
hold up, wait, the nigga started to load his gat
i grabbed my bat and ran around the back yo
he's at my window, thinkin i'm playin nintendo
but the stupid nigga don't know i'm behind him so
he dropped the gat like a stupid muthaphukka
so i bashed his head in with my louieville slugger
(bashed his head in with my louieville slugger)
i knew this bitch named wheaches
she often want me to fuck her happy ass on the beaches
but (?? huh ??) yo peaches be fuckin around with me
instead o' fuckin her man
she's butt-naked with my dick in her hand, yo
as soon as wheaches started suckin, i saw this muthaphukkin
nigga behind the car, and he was duckin
so i told the bitch to hold on (hold on)
you stupid bitch, put yo muthaphukkin clothes on
i wonder if this nigga's tryin a jack me
coz i ain't got my gat with me
shit, the nigga started runnin up fast
i thought he was gonna blast, so i hid behind her ass
she started howlin out "wait", i banked her in the face
but the punk nigga pulled out (?? mace ??)
he asked the stupid bitch did i mug her
so i bashed his head in with my louieville slugger
i'm a muthaphukkin psycho and i don't give a fuck about'em
i kill the nigga and cut off his dick, so you know i got'em
coz (?? huh ??) ate his brain, left the nigga for dead
now it's a gallon of blood, drippin from under his bed
(oh, no ! what happened to my lover ??)
bitch i bashed his head in with my louieville slugger
bitch tried to call the cops, fuck that
i gotta take the girl out with my muthaphukkin bat
coz i ain't doin 10 in the pen
for a bitch and her dead-ass boyfriend
so...i gotta kill the ho
i'm reachin for my weapon slow
that's when i notice some nigga standin by the door
the little nigga sayin "don't kill my mother", so
i bashed his head in with my louieville slugger
hahahahaha sorry jimmy
hahahahaha he's dead
hahahahaha i'm sorry, billy
hahahahaha