"barry bonds" lyrics
kanye west lyrics
"barry bonds"
(feat. lil wayne)
its what you all been waiting for ain't it?
what people pay paper for damn it
they cant stand it, they want something new
so let's get re-acquainted
became the hood favorite
i cant even explain it
i surprise myself too
life of a don, lights keep glowin'
comin' in the club wit that fresh shit on, with something crazy on my arm
ha ha hum, here's another hit, barry bonds
(yeah yeah yeah yeah)
we outta here baby!
we outta here baby!
we outta here baby!
dude!
fresh off the plane, konitchiwa bitches
turn around another plane, my passport on pivot
as for what i did it, that asshole done did it
talked it and he lived it, spitted then he shitted
i don't need to write hits, i might bounce ideas,
but only i could come up with some shit like this
i done played the underdog my whole career
ive been a very good sport, haven't i, this year
they said he's going crazy and we seen this before
but i'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go
and i'm doing pretty hood in my pink polo
nigga please, how you gonna say i ain't no low-head
cos my dior got me more model head
i'm insulted
you should go head
and bow so hard till your knees hit your forehead
and the flow just hit code red
top 5 mc's you ain't gotta remind me
top 5 mc's you gotta rewind me
i'm high up on the line, you can get behind me
but my head's so big you can't sit behind me
life of a don, lights keep glowin'
comin' in the club wit that fresh shit on, with something crazy on my arm
ha ha hum, here's another hit, barry bonds
(yeah yeah yeah yeah)
yeah, yeah, we outta here baby!
wha, wha, we outta here baby!
and mr. west is so outta here baby
and me, i'm mr. weezy baby
i'm so bright not shady
my teeth and my eyes so wight like shady
ice in my teeth so refrigerated
i’m so fucking good like i’m sleeping with megan
i’m all about my franklins, lincolns and reagans
whenever they make them, i shall hayve them
oops i meant have them, i'm so crazy
but if you play crazy you be sleeping with daisies
its such a hayvic, oops i meant havoc
and my drink's still pinker than the easter rabbit
and i'm still cold (cole) like keisha's family
stove on my waist turn beef to patties
and i ate it cos i'm so at it
i don't front and i don't go backwards
and i don't practice
and i don't lack shit
and you can get barried
suck my bat bitch
we outta here baby
we outta here baby
we outta here baby
life of a don, lights keep glowin'
comin' in the club wit that fresh shit on
wit something crazy on my arm
ha ha hum, man here's another hit, barry bonds
(yeah yeah yeah yeah)