"jesus walks (remix)" lyrics
kanye west lyrics
"jesus walks (remix)"
(feat. ma$e)
ready!, huh.
yeah! um
jesus, jesus talk to me
jesus, jesus talk with me
jesus, jesus,
jesus, jesus,
come on!
(jesus walks)
god show me the way now the devil can’t break me down
(jesus walk with me)
between the girls and the jewelry
the devil trying to lure me
and view of me
(jesus walks with me)
my pastor shaking his head
he ain’t sure of me
but surely
(jesus walks with me)
then he ask
do you say your prayers at least 2 a week?
i ain’t talking to god i know what i’ve been doing g.
do you know how i be embarrassed?
my prayers sound like ben stiller on meet the parents
and i ain’t good with that “give us our day”,
this ladies just trying to give us our free
i’m trying to give us, us pay,
now you know how them strippers was,
we was all ghetto-fabulous all at the rooms at the cyberus,
from this jacuzzi wild can you cleanse us?
can you please unfog my cardierre lenses?
god sends signs sometimes only in glimpses for me i almost died
falling asleep in them benzes
theirs something about this beat that get me tranquilized
and when i play it at my shows i feel sanctified
and he gives me direction when i can’t decide
he is alive!, how can you tell me he ain’t when i said
(jesus walks)
god show me the way now the devil can’t break me down
(jesus walks)
the only thing i pray is that my feet don’t fail me now
(jesus walks)
and now i think there’s something i can say now
that will right my wrongs
(jesus walks)
i finally talked to god and i ain’t afraid cause his love is so strong
before you take me name, take my fame,
while you at it take my shame, take my flaws, take my blame
feel my dirt, conceal my hurt, see my bruise,
and this you walk in my shoes
you weren’t there when i was in deep thought.
when i had two choice, kill him or either leave new york
but i’m a truth teller and that’s why i say what i’m sayin
and the only thing the radio playin is cause you be payin
it ain’t about who really hot no more
beats would knock no more
so who cares who flock no more
i realize that most labels pay you for lies
and all that blood do is gain disguise
that you’re favorite artist shhhh
i know you hear that huh you wanna fear that what
your worst dream is that you was gonna hear that
con the rap this like john the baptist
prepare the way for what i came to say today
they deceived us, had us thinking jesus really didn’t need us
when he loved up all you
he loved them boys in hallway up in broadway
even those who meet him for dope every 4 days
to the strippers in broad day up in norway
to the detroit player gators in moreys
with me its not just bars and music i walk with god
i have the scares to prove it,ugh
(jesus walks)
god show me the way now the devil can’t break me down
(jesus walks)
the only thing that i pray is that my feet don’t fail me now
(jesus walks)
everybody out there just lift your hands
right now and say this with me:
“father i thank you, for forgiving me, for everything i ever done,
for jesus walking with me, for dying for me, raising for me,
and all my sins have been forgiven, i’m a changed man,
i’m healed i’m delivered,i’m rich and it’s all because of him”
now walk with me, walk with me, walk walk walk with me
walk with me