"the new workout plan (remix)" lyrics
kanye west lyrics
"the new workout plan (remix)"
(feat. lil jon, farnsworth bentley)
you just popped in the kanye west
get right for the summer workout tape
and ladies if you follow these instructions exactly
you might bear to pull you a rapper, a nba player
man, at least a dude wit' a car
so first of all we gon' work on the stomach
nobody wants a little tight ass!
1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and get them sit ups right and
tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this
give head, stop breathe, get up, check your weave
don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed
pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed
it's a party tonight and ooh she's so excited
tell me who's invited: you, your friends and my dick
what's scary to me is henny makes girls look like halle berry to me
so excuse me miss, i forgot your name
thank you, god bless you, good night i came..
i came...
i came..
it's been a week without me
and she feel weak without me
she wanna talk it out but
ain't nothin' to talk about
'lest, she talkin' about freakin' out
then maybe we can work it out
work it out (come on)
work it out now
maybe we can work it out (come on, come on)
oh girl your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette
my name kanye from the jigga set twista said get it wet
ooh girl your breath is harsh
cover your mouth up like you got sars
stop, its the remix
b.e.n.t.l.e.y
yee aint no you betta ask somebody
what we gonna do is turk that body
all day at they fitness party
lock them doors, don't tell nobody
gentlemens in the gentlemens club
hitting them with an interesting dub
its upside down that for the a-town
what ya'll sayin
f.j. bentley caught misbehaving
yes in the captin and im saving
all my money, yes im just gonna stand and watch ya dance from ova hea
matter fact pass the cavarsiar
but i will walk you to your car my dear
cheers..
it's been a week without me
and she feel weak without me
she wanna talk it out but
ain't nothin' to talk about
'lest, she talkin' about freakin' out
then maybe we can work it out
work it out (come on)
work it out now
maybe we can work it out (come on, come on)
hi may name is jill, i just want to say thanks to
kanye's workout plan. i was able to pull a nba player
and like now i shop every day on rodeo drive
i just want to say, thank you kanye! woooo! woooo! woooo!
my name is asandra, and i just want to say
that ever since listenin' to kanye's workout tape
i was able to get my phone bill paid, i got sounds and 13's
put up in my cavalier and i was able to get a free trip to cancun
and what's most importantly is that i ain't gotta fuck ray ray's
broke ass no mo'
(work it mo' juge it mo' pump it mo, chi-town mo' let's go mo')
my name is alamae from mobille, alabama
and i just want to say since listenin' to kanye's workout tape
i been able to date outside the family, i got a double wide
and i rode the plane, rode the plane, rode the plane
thanks to kanye's workout plan
i'm the envy of all my friends
see i pulled me a baller man (yeah)
and i don't gotta work at the mall again
(lemme break ya wit' a piece of)
my favorite work out plan (oh! oh! oh!)
i wanna see you work out (yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah)
(it's that old michael jackson shit)
that's right put in work, move your ass, go wizzerk
get your salad, no dessert
get that man you deserve
it's kanye's workout plan
i said it's kanye's workout plan (ladies and gentlemen)
it's kanye's workout plan (allow myself to introduce myself)
his woooorrrrkkoouut plan (this time around i want y'all to clap like this)
that's right put in work
move your ass, go wizzerk
eat your salad, no dessert
get that man you deserve (stop!)
it's kanye's workout plan (ok bring)
i said it's kanye's workout plan (i know y'all ain't tired)
it's kanye's workout plan (but i hope not, 'cuz on this one i need ya)
his woooorrrrkkoouut plan (to give me a soul clap ok? double time)
that's right put in work (woo!)
move your ass, go wizzerk (ow!
eat your salad, no dessert (ugh!)
get that man you deserve
that's right put in work (put in work)
move your ass, go wizzerk (go wizzerk)
eat your salad, no dessert (no dessert)
get that man you deserve (you hear, ugh)
that's right put in work (that's right put in work)
move your ass, go wizzerk (go wizzerk)
eat your salad, no dessert (eat your salad, no dessert)
get that man you deserve (woo!)
(okay, okay, okay, that's, that'd be good)
(i appreciate your time)
i want to see you work out for me
woah yeah