"touch the sky" lyrics
kanye west lyrics
"touch the sky"
(feat. lupe fiasco)
i gotta testify, come up in the spot looking extra fly
for the day i die, i'mma touch the sky
gotta testify, come up in the spot looking extra fly
for the day i die, i'mma touch the sky
back when they thought pink polo's would hurt the roc,
before cam got the shit to pop, the doors was closed.
i felt like bad boy's street team, i couldn't work the lox (locks).
now let's go.
take 'em back to the plan...
me and my momma hopped in the u-haul van.
any pessimists i ain't talked to them,
plus, i ain't have no phone in my apartment.
let's take 'em back to the club.
least about an hour i would stand on line,
i just wanted to dance.
i went to jacob an hour after i got my advance.
i just wanted to shine.
jay's favorite line: "dog, in due time"
now he look at me, like "damn, dog, you where i am"
a hip hop legend.
i think i died in an accident, cause this must be heaven.
now let's take 'em high-igh-igh-igh-igh-igh la la la la la la la
(top of the world, baby. t-top of the world)
now let's take 'em high-igh-igh-igh-igh-igh la la la la la la la
(top of the world, baby. t-top of the world)
back when gucci was the shit to rock,
back when slick rick got the shit to pop,
i'd do anything to say "i got it".
damn, them new loafers hurt my pocket.
before anybody wanted k-west beats,
me and my girl split the buffet at kfc.
dog, i was having nervous breakdowns,
like "damn, these niggas that much better than me?"
baby, i'm going on an airplane,
and i don't know if i'll be back again.
sure enough, i sent the plane tickets,
but when she came to kick it, things became different.
any girl i cheated on, sheets i skeeted on.
i couldn't keep it home, i thought i needed a nia long.
i'm trying to write my wrongs,
but it's funny these same wrongs helped me write this song.
now,
i gotta testify, come up in the spot looking extra fly
for the day you die, you gonna touch the sky
(you gonna touch the sky babygirl!) testify, come up in the spot
looking extra fly
for the day you die, you gonna touch the sky
yes, yes, yes guess who's on third?
lupe steal like lupin the third.
hear like ear till i'm beer on the curb
peach fuzz buzz but beard on the verge
slow it down like we're on the syrup
bottle-shaped body like mrs. butterworth's.
but, before you say another word,
i'm back on the block like i'm laying on the street.
i'm trying to stop lion like a mum-ra,
but i'm not lying when i'm laying on the beat.
engarge, touché lupe cool as the unthawed
but i still feel as possessed as a gun charge.
i come as correct as a porn star,
in a fresh pair of steps and my best foreign car.
so, i represent the first.
now, let me end my verse right where the horns are like
(we back at home, baby)
sky high
i'm, i'm sky high
i'm, i'm sky high
i'm, i'm sky high
i'm, i'm sky high
i'm, i'm sky high
sky, sky high
i'm, i'm sky high
yeah! (keep it rolling)
(feels good to be home, baby! feels good to be home!)