"Zodiac" lyrics






MC LYTE LYRICS




"Zodiac"



Libra, Cancer Gemini, Pisces, what's your zodiac sign.
Aries Aquarius, Taurus, Sagitarius, Leo, Virgo,
Capricorn, Scorpio, when were you born, What's your sign.

One zero the month of the year,
I'm not a hero but I come when in despair.
I float like the wind, the mighty air sign,
When I use my mind it's not hard to find
Those who would not like to see me fly
Like step on my wings and watch me die.
But that can never be I use my scales,
Postitive, negative energy male and female
Emotions within me Leo, Aquarius compatibility,
Also Gemini but I got four eyes for one set of twins
I look deep within.
Often distracted by pretty little things
Like the wings of an angel or the songs they may sing.
Argumentative but I hate confrontation.
Ruled by Venus and starked with hesitation,
Procrastinator, never an instigator.
You wanna riff homie I'll see you later.
Sapphire, My type of jewel,
I turn on one who thinks he knows me too well.
Like the water barrier with the million dollar smile,
Flowing like the Nile or the waters from the Panama canal.
Pisces, fabulous catch
They remain detached
Yet to find a match.
Don't lose your breath waiting to exhale, I shall prevail,
Weighing souls on the scales,
Follow me as we take this trip through astrology.
The galaxy from Pluto to Mercury.
What ya gonna do when the planets line up,
Your time is up and your city blows up.
Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I fear none
I'm at one with the sun till I'm done.
Astrologically speaking on the track
Dropping solar facts about the zodiac.
The sun and the moon and the stars,
Make up the universe Earth is not far from the planet Mars.
Virgo the virgin running from the twins,
Stung by the scorpion running through the Lions den.
Ram with legs of a crab,
With the half man half horse waiting in the past,
Of course if you check the math it's all symbolic.
Horoscopes are purely logic.

Libra, Cancer Gemini, Pisces, what's your zodiac sign.
Aries Aquarius, Taurus, Sagitarius, Leo, Virgo,
Capricorn, Scorpio, when were you born, What's your sign.



