"B.M.F. (Building Minds Faster)" lyrics






LUPE FIASCO LYRICS




"B.M.F. (Building Minds Faster)"



[Lupe: Talking]
Uh huh, Friend of the People!!
Yeah, I mean c'mon. What the FUCK do I gotta do?
This one for the fans here Jack

[Lupe: Hook]
I think I'm Malcom X, Martin Luther
Add a King, add a Junior
Some Bible verses, couple Sunnahs
An AK-47 that's a revolution!! (nigga)
Think I'm 2Pac, Bob Marley
Fela Kuti, Marcus Garvey
Them the real ones, light a lighter for 'em
Letcha know, that I'm ridin' for 'em

[Lupe: Verse 1]
Gon' gimme some, a lil' more beat
Call yo' friends around, then call the police!
Im ridin' wit my flow, it take up four seats
So I'm gon' ghost ride, but with no sheets
One man by myself, even then I'm 4 deep
Like hotel swimming pools, that's 4 feet
These niggas like the rooms, so suite(sweet)
Priceline! so cheaaap
I'm the cell phone, they the room keys
I'm some shell toes, they some shoe strings
I turn 'em off, I take 'em out
I'm Reverend Run, with the laces out
Adidas, so adios
All day I dream, like I'm comatose
That's your ship sinking, and I'm so afloat
I'm T-Pain, I'm on a boat!!!
Not the slave one, Decaprio's either
Hear the waves come, they started in the bleachers
So I'm swag surfin', the pool's getting deeper
You still sweet though, here come them room keepers
Ok I'll be the strings, you be the shoes
But guess what (what?), now they Jimmy Choo's
I wear the pants, you in the pools
Yo shit meows, my shit AWOOOOOOOOO
I got a fifth flow, call me Brother Man
Africa the set, yea that's the motherland
For that BP, I shed 50 tears
In Nigeria that oil been spillin' for like 50 years!
Fifty years! Hell naww, hell yeahhh, tryina tell ya'll
At this rate, niggas gon' lose!
Can't search for water, or grow your own food!
Tell me what's gon' happen, when them stores close
And ain't gon open up, no more
Yeah that's the realest shit
You gon' feel dat, hungers yo' enemy
But you can't kill dat!
Nigga wake up, don't join the army
Kill your own peoples, but fear Illuminatis
And they ain't even real, or are they?
But you ain't even know, because you partay
Too fuckin much, if you start to doubt
They already in yo mind, and comin' out yo mouth
Its not a trick, nigga, it's a trap
Survival of the fit, is what they aiming at
And niggas ain't fit, fat as hell!
Fat in mind, body fat, as well
Who use most the drugs? Americans!
Whats in Afghanistan? heroin!
You think thats by mistake? They can't stop dat?
Don't think you safe though, because you not black
Greed is colorblind, so I'm colorblind
They gon' fuck with yours soon as they done with mine
They say I try to hard, verses overwhelm
I learned most of this, from niggas sittin' in jail
Where you think I'm from? I'm from the streets nigga!
Triple OG's told me to teach nigga!
And that ain't made up, nope! Thats a fact
They say that gangsta shit, is the shit I rap
Look who I attract, look at my inner circle
Bunch of street niggas, and a couple Erkles
Look at my fanbase! Oh yess!
Fuck what Pro say! Look at this protest!
Where they do that at? Who they do that for?
Must mean I'm doin' bad, and things is movin' slow
We talkin' revolution on public radio!
Then catch me down in Houston, sittin on them 84's
Trae wassup, ABN, gotcha back nigga, sink or swim
Free Chilly Chill, shake off yo' mastas
Pray to God; Build yo mind faster

[Lupe: Hook]
I think I'm Malcom X, Martin Luther
Add a King, add a Junior
Couple Bible verses, and some Sunnahs
An AK-47 that's a revolution!! (nigga)
Think I'm 2Pac, Bob Marley
Fela Kuti, Marcus Garvey
Them the real ones, light a lighter for 'em
If you ain't know, I'm ridin' for 'em



