"Mission" lyrics






LUPE FIASCO LYRICS




"Mission"



[Charlie Wilson:] What's up, this is Charlie Wilson, a.k.a. your uncle Charlie. I was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2008. Still fighting; not a winner, not a looser. I'm gonna win the battle. That's right, cancer free
[Greg:] What's up, this is Greg and I beat kidney cancer. True story
[Michael:] My names Michael, I'm a lung cancer survivor four years in remission
[Bernadette:] My names Bernadette and I beat stage 1 breast cancer
[Angela:] I'm Angela, I'm 50 years old, and I've been through 9 surgeries in 3 years. Fuck you cancer. You may have taken my breasts and uterus, but you can never take my heart
[Ann:] My names Ann Marie, and I'm living with stage 4 lung cancer
[Kourtney:] My names Kourtney and I beat thyroid cancer
[Bunch of mashed up talking about beating cancer]
[Kathy:] This is Kathy Phillips and I beat the living shit out of breast cancer. You definitely picked the wrong bitch to mess with. Fuck you cancer! I'm a survivor baby!
[Charles:]
Hey my name is Charles Porter, and I had stage 4 hotchkins lymphoma. I went through a year of strenuous chemo, then I had a bone marrow transplant where they gave me salvage chemo, and 5 days twice a day, full body radiation to basically bring my immune system down to nothing. I literally died to stay alive umm... come April I'll be in my 3rd year remission and it was a team effort. All the friends and family I had came together
And uhh... I had to keep that mental strong, but umm... We got through it uhh... some fallen soldiers went as I fought uhh... but they'll always be heroes. Peace!

[Hook:]
If I had a dollar for every time they counted me out
And my back was up against the wall
I could have died but I came out fighting, fighting
Could have died but I came out fighting
Could have died but I came out fighting
Could have died but I came out fighting (yeah)
Could have died but I came out fighting (uhh)

With a breast full of lungs she ain't no pun
She gonna ride on it like a chopper in a trunk
Pink ribbon women she gonna live forever
Even though the doctor say she only get a month
Said it's my life and you only get it once
Once these flowers smell too damn good to be living in the funk
So I finna get it in and I finna get a crunk and I finna get the living (a-a-ah)
On remission from the jump
Breast cancer can't hold me back
That's the answer when they told me that
It can knock me down but I'm gonna be back
Strong, down for whatever exceptional and I don't know how to quit
And I never said never you can have that hair cause real talk bitch
I think I look better let's do it (do it)

[Bridge:]
Fighter, with everything inside ya
Reportin' live from Death Row
Drop the charges see the lifer
Cell phones and your lighters
Need you to put them up higher
So when the candles on her birthday cake
Might set the thing on fire, hey

[Hook]

Yeah, seven years old with stage four
This what champions were made for
Only so much fun raises (pain for)
So I guess the rest is all on me
That will to live against what's out here
Killin kids' well kiss my ass it ain't killin' me
Got things to paint
Got places to go
Got things to see
Wanna see my moma grow up
Hold up, hold up
Wanna see my daddy grow up
Hold up, Hold up
I'm bald headed and brave hearted, I'm small
But I'm a hundred feet tall, try to stop me
Biopsy after biopsy
Chemo, but I'm a king though
I shake everything off me
Lymphoma can't hold me back
It can knock me down but I'm gonna be back
Throw some SpongeBob in my hot wheels track
I'm a made man, made wishes
I ain't scared, I ain't flinching
Sorry momma but I gotta say it
But where I'm from they don't make bitches
Let's do it

[Hook]

Went undiagnosed and untreated
When they finally found it told em
It too far along and he couldn't beat it
But he couldn't see it
Miss me with that dead talk
Miss me my legs walk
My heart beats and my wife witness
So fuck cancer my life with me
And if I died it'd die with me let's do it

[Bridge]

Might set that thing on fire, yeah
Yeah we might set that thing on fire, yeah
Yeah we might set that thing on fire
Set that thing on fire, set that thing on fire, yeah
If I had a dollar for every time they counted me out
And my back was up against the wall
I could have died but I came out fighting
Could have died but I came out fighting



