"happy valentine's day" lyrics
outkast lyrics
"happy valentine's day"
my name is cupid valentino, the modern day cupid
and i just want to say one thing
happy valentine's day
every day the 14th!
i don't think y'all heard me!
i just wanna say happy valentine's day!
every day the 14th!
can y'all dig that?
now when arrows don't penetrate, see
cupid grabs the pistol (uh, yeah, now, now lookie here!)
and he shoots straight for your heart
and when he won't miss you!
that's alright 'cause y'all won't believe in me anyways
but..
ya won't believe in me, but you would fancy
leprechauns or groundhogs
no thank you, easter bunny!
(there's all this talk about santa claus, but see
love will rule reign supreme)
happy valentine's day
every day the 14th! (you got it!)
when cupid knocks at your door
you can't ignore me!
there's no need to run!
so, happy valentine's day (hey!)
every day the 14th!
i may have it all wrong, see
if you know what loves mean, well
well, somebody tell me!
'cuz they just don't believe in me!
ya' won't believe in me, but you would fancy
leprechauns or groundhogs
no thank you, easter bunny!
(there's so much fuss about santa claus, but see
cupid will not be defeated!)
happy valentine's day
every day the 14th!
now i know your hearts have grown cold
and that bothers me
now i understand 'cause i use to be a bad boy in my day
i know you're trying to protect your lil' feelings
but you can't run away
oooh ooh!
ya' won't believe in me, but you would fancy..
(hey! don't you supposed to be some kind of player or something?)
bunny!
well keep on runnin', player
'cause i got my good shoes on
and i got 'em tied up tight
so, you're going to find out tonightttttttttt!
got a sweet lil' darling back in my corner
below i know i love her, but act like i don't want her
surrounded by the lonely, but yet feel like a loner
could be an organ donor
the way i give up my heart, but
never know because - shit, i never tell her!
ask me about my feelings i'd holla' that it's irrela'
i don't get myself caught up in the jello gella'
and puddin' pops, that others opt to call falling in love, but
for the record, have you ever rode a horse?
would i like for you to take me to pluto?
i said, "of course!"
but if you ain't a sweety indeedy, i won't endorse
hans solo till i'm hit by the bullet, so may the force
be with you, and i'll hit you when better time permits
for now, give me examples of why you're the shit!
but how am i to know with the profession that i'm in?
and if you do not know me, then how could you be my friend?
happy valentine's, happy valentine's
happy valentine's day, happy valentine's day